Tim drew the curtains back from the windows in his 3rd story walkup. Light glanced off storefronts and car windshields, reflecting into his eyes. Below him, just out of sight, the pounding of a jackhammer vibrated the block. This is what had forced Tim up and out of bed. It was October 22th. The fourth Thursday of the month, the 157 day of his unemployment, and the 9th consecutive Goddamned day he’d been compelled to leave his beautiful memory-foam, down-adorned mistress. 


He didn’t really have anyone to blame for his morning grogginess; he had a poor habit of retiring to bed hours after the late night hosts tucked the rest of the country into bed, giving him a mere REM cycle of sleep or two before he began dreaming of a nazi-zombie apocalypse in which he was left to defend himself with a gatling gun mounted on the handlebars of his 10-speed bicycle. The dream, which he’d been having for the last week and a half, was one he enjoyed more than some of his other recurring dreams, despite having to watch a few of his good friends fall behind in pace, trip, and get ripped apart by undead, swastika’d SS soldiers. It wasn’t so much his friends being killed and turning to zombies, it was the inevitability of Tim encountering these same friends later in the dream after he had escaped the pervasive hordes and was researching nazi-zombie survival techniques among the rows of occult and paranormal books at the local library. It was at that point in the dream, while frantically skimming a book entitled “Zombies: A Detailed Look at the Undead Through the Decades”, his soulless, corpsed friends’ arms would start whack-a-moling through the wall of books on which he was leaning. Tim backed away from the 12 foot tall book shelf which was now swaying slightly under the tunnel-visioned and relentless attack of his zombied friends. The shelf teetered back and forth, spraying century old books and dust around the room as if a dozen housewives in aproned dresses were beating old rugs with brooms simultaneously. In the waking world, a jackhammer broke cement into manageable-sized chunks. As more and more books scattered off the shelves, the amount of weight needed to hold the shelf upright was lost. Tim’s zombied friends lurched forward once more, toppling the towering bookshelf in a cinematic explosion of books, body parts, and flames (which seemed perfectly normal to Tim while dreaming, but clearly doesn’t make sense in any other scenario).  As the debris settled, there was a moment of silence and for a moment Tim thought he had perhaps escaped certain death, or in this case, certain undeath (?). He hung his head in relief and disappointment that he had let his friends down. However, outside, the jackhammering continued. Tim’s friends picked themselves up, gnawing menacingly as if they were just now feeling the effects from shooting meth. Their muscles spasmed, jerking limbs with the kind of fluidity seen from a student driver learning to operate a standard transmission vehicle. He could see each of their faces now. He pled with them, trying to bring them back from what he knew was an unreachable depth. 


“Brent, it’s me, man! It’s Tim! I used to walk to your house when my parents were arguing about whose turn it was to walk the dog, when everyone else in my family and probably in the entire neighborhood knew that was their euphemism for sleeping elsewhere because they couldn’t stand each other. I’d come over, your mom would make me grilled cheese with miracle whip, and we’d play Mortal Kombat on Sega Genesis until one of us fell asleep. When you were 16 and Mike Zabrowski tripped you in the hall at school because you had talked to his girlfriend, it was me who tackled him and told him he’d better leave you alone. Please, man, don’t make me do this!” 


Brent started towards Tim, shuffling and swaying, shuffling and swaying. “Brent, come on, man! Please!” Tim reached for his bike, now conveniently by his side, and found the trigger for the gatling gun he’d mounted there with some chains and bike locks at the beginning of the nazi-zombie apocalypse. He pulled the trigger. Zombie brains erupted towards Tim as if they were being magnetized to his Rush t-shirt. 


“Brent, I’m so sorry! I didn’t know what else to do. I hope you can forgive me.” Tim looked at the floor sullenly. There was no time to grieve, however.


“Carver, please, no, please! Not you, too! You were my first friend when I moved here. We went to middle school, high school, and college together. We worked at Zumies together in the mall in town, then the hotel that was haunted by that lady who killed herself on the 8th floor, but turned out to be a nice ghost and would only ride the elevator up and down to use the ice machine down the hall from the desk. Killing you is going to be killing me. Don’t make me do this!” 


Tim blinked and Carver’s head blew up. Tim started crying. 


“What am I doing?! How could I kill my best friends? I’m a terribuh pursuh… uff wht tht”


Tim reached into his mouth and pulled out his number 2, 4, 5, 8, 13, 14, 15, 21, 24, 25, and 31 teeth out which had inexplicably come loose. Now, with blood leaking from his hole-filled mouth, he was left facing the person whom he least wanted to have to kill, his ex-girlfriend Sarah. 


“I can’t, Sarah. I mean, I can’t. I literally can’t. We’ve been through so much together. My parent’s separation, the untimely death of your brother, Kyle, who will always be remembered by the people in this town as some sort of strung-out clown who, sadly enough, had been cheating death for awhile, but will be remember by me as a wonderfully misunderstood guy who knew how to cheer anybody up and was always putting other’s needs before his own. Then there was the incident… God, I know I said we wouldn’t talk about it, but, Sarah, I mean, I think about it every day. I mean, we got pregnant for Christ’s sake. We made another life and you just want me to pretend it didn’t happen. I can’t Sarah, I can’t. Yes, we were young, our first year at college, we had to think about the kind of life we could provide for a little one and about our own future, but I’m still not sure we made the right decision. I think about it every day. I think the day we went to Planned Parenthood together was ultimately the day we grew apart. That’s what I regret the most. I mean, I can’t even look at your right now. You’re wearing my favorite t-shirt you never gave back. I mean at this point I think you’ll have to trash it… the new tears and blood make it look like it says “ron alen” instead of Iron Maiden, which I guess might be cool given the common themes found in Iron Maiden songs.”


Sarah inched closer. Serendipitously, for Tim, these weren’t the world class sprinter zombies from World War Z starring Brad Pitt, but more of a Shaun of the Dead type who shuffled and pivoted around much like his downstairs neighbor who suffered from cerebral palsy. This was beneficial for Tim in a few ways: 
1. It gave Tim time to say what he had always wanted to say to Sarah. Indeed he had practiced a lengthy speech which, as it progressed, broke into an increasing number of possible tracts based on the feedback received from Sarah. A sort of relationship choose-your-own-adventure speech, the conclusion of which ranged from a tearful marriage proposal to a heated diatribe which included cutting lies about him never loving Sarah and her parents blaming her for her brother’s death. Neither were true, both would undoubtedly devastate Sarah who had expressed these insecurities in confidence to Tim. 
2. It gave Tim time to procrastinate shattering his one true love’s undead, rotting, ramshackle face. Not shattering in the sense that Sarah would wear a look of devastation at the decision Tim had made to end her life as a dead person, but in the sense that once he pulled the trigger of his gatling gun her face would shatter like glass. While Tim and Sarah were currently experiencing an “off-again” lull in their troubled relationship, the thought of firing heavy artillery shells into her was still as horrifyingly unthinkable to him as it ever were.
3. It gave Tim time to come up with possible alternatives and escape routes. As much as Tim longed for another outcome, to escape unscathed while leaving Sarah intact and a chance for him to find a cure to save her, he was dreaming. And the dream wouldn’t allow it. “Run!” “Just run away, dammit!” His legs were scripted in place.


“Please, Sarah, please.” Tim whimpered. After all of the breakups the plea was all too familiar to him, only this time he was begging her to leave. “Walk away, please, please, just leave.”


The jackhammer pounded the cement outside again, he knew it was time. Gushing tears and blood, Tim reached back and pulled the trigger. This was when Tim awoke, his friend’s rabid faces burnt into his consciousness as he guilt-strickenly exploded their heads with round after round of .58 caliber shells. That was the worst part. The feeling of guilt that remained after metaphorically letting his friends down. It was a feeling he knew both in states of sleep and consciousness. It was a feeling he’d had since he moved out of his hometown of Statesville, North Carolina, leaving behind friends and family. And though he now found himself over 500 miles away in the City of Brotherly Love, he hadn’t been able to escape the vague sense of commitment, whether real or imaged, he felt to each one of the people in his hometown.


-


Tim now lived alone for the first time since the week following Sarah’s abortion and he felt it. His apartment was sparsely furnished, yet managed an intimate sense of hospitality. The floors, newly renovated tongue-in-groove oak, were bare and always cold on his bare feet. The city was approaching winter and as the sun struggled to greet the northern hemisphere a little more each day so did Tim struggle to greet the day and his obligations. Though he consistently failed to water them, Tim kept a few potted plants around the apartment; two succulents sat in the corners of his kitchen window sill, a ficus sprung up next to his TV, and a droopy basil plant rested on the bookshelf next to his couch. Tim had two chairs to accompany his naked pine IKEA kitchen table, but only one of them had ever been occupied. It had been occupied now for two weeks, since the last time he played guitar. The travel-sized Martin resting against the chair was one of the few possessions Tim packed in his 1994 Geo Metro to move to Philadelphia. He left a number of possessions behind, the letterman jacket his father had given him when he graduated high school, the photo albums travel-logging his life from preschool through middle school, and the engagement ring he’d purchased with years of savings which he had hoped and still hoped to one day slip on Sarah’s finger. Tim thought he could be a better person, learn from the past, and forge a new, brighter path in a new city. He wanted to reinvent himself, prove to the people he’d left behind he was better than they thought he was. However, on mornings like this, when he didn’t crawl out of bed until the rest of the city forced him up, he felt little more than melancholic drowsiness rising from his stomach, into this throat, and clouding his mind. He thought about his mistress at the other end of his long, narrow studio apartment who he knew would knew would hold him, warm him unconditionally. She wouldn’t pass judgement at the Tim’s tears shed in futility when he thought about Sarah, which was more often than he was prepared. She never asked for anything in return. She was the ultimate confidant. 


If Tim was being honest with himself or anyone else, he could stay in bed all day. His body ached, his throat tightened around his self-loathing. His mind churned out anti-Tim literature constantly. Somehow pulling the duvet up to his chin was his most effective way of staving off the day. And although the day happened regardless of how he dealt with it, it was almost as though if he didn’t let the outside world enter his consciousness, it didn’t exist in his reality. Sleeping was one of the only ways he knew how to turn off the printing press in his mind, it was was the only way to give those little hate-peddling goblins in his mind some down town. 


-


The jackhammering below him continued. Tim made himself coffee and sat on the couch. He moved to Philadelphia three and a half weeks ago, had made no real progress on finding employment, and was desperately missing his home. It was in these moments, shortly after waking up for the day and before he began to distract himself with the disheartening process of applying for positions for which he knew he was under qualified, he felt the worst. Churning in his mind, his thoughts iterated in a seemingly infinite loop. 


“What am I doing out here? I don’t know anyone, I don’t have any marketable skills, I sunk most of my saving into this move and I couldn’t get back at this point even if I wanted to. I don’t have any friends here, the friends I have back home were probably happy to see me go, and if they weren’t happy to see me go probably now feel abandoned by my leaving and would prefer that I stay away,” Tim perseverated. Tim reached for his phone hoping for something to distract him and pull him out of his cyclical thinking. Sarah had posted pictures from a party at Steve Brantley’s the night before. She was smiling like she always did when she was tired, close-lipped with the corners of her mouth turned up slightly. Her eyebrows raised as if in the middle of sighing. She had her arm around Freddie Cartwright who was a few years younger than he and Tim, but had started hanging around Tim’s group of friends when they were seniors in high school. Tim had always been slightly intimidated by Freddie’s lean, athletic frame and azure eyes which always seemed to catch the attention of passers-by at school or around town. 


He remembered back to the night Freddie came with he and Sarah and some other friends to a midnight showing of The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King. While sitting on the sidewalk waiting for the doors to open, Patrick Bagley skitched back and forth on a skateboard pulled by Brent driving his dad’s Toyota 4Runner. Just before Patrick passed in front of Tim, Sarah, and Freddie for the fourth or fifth time, he hit a rock and lunged forward off his skateboard, spilling his Mountain Dew all over the three them. Tim laughed. Freddie offered his beanie to Sarah to wipe the soda off of her face and clothes. Why had Tim not done the same, or at least not laughed until after gauging Sarah’s reaction. After that night, Sarah was always a little more interested in where Freddie was. Tim practiced bringing it up with Sarah in front of a mirror with varying degrees of severity. He did this a lot despite him thinking it was odd when characters did it in movies, the same way he thought it odd that movie characters seemed to lack basic critical thinking or reasoning skills. 


“Hey, so, I’ve been noticing lately that you seem to ask a lot about Freddie, if he is coming with or if he is going to be at a certain place... Hey, Sarah, it isn’t really a big deal to me or whatever, but sometimes when you ask about Freddie and if he’s coming with us, it kind of freaks me out... Hey, so, Freddie’s kind of a dick to me. He told Carver I thought it was stupid when Carver wore that Ramones shirt because Carver doesn’t even know any of their good songs, but wears it around like he’s their biggest fan. Anyway, I’m kind of pissed at Freddie because that was totally a lie, so I was thinking we wouldn’t hang out with him tonight.” The last was a lie, Freddie had never thrown Tim under the bus that Tim knew about, but like a character in a movie he too was susceptible to poor reasoning skills when emotions were involved. Tim never did bring it up with Sarah. Each time he practiced in the mirror the message came across as slightly paranoid, controlling, or needy. He didn’t want to be that boyfriend.


Now here the two of them were. Sarah and Freddie. The comments had already started coming in. 


Brent Larson says, “Too cute, lol.”


“What the hell, Brent?” Tim thought, “Traitor!”


Owen Smith says, “Fun night, what happened to you guys, I couldn’t find either of you to try to get a ride home.”


“Shit. They’re dating.” Tim put his phone down. “They must be.”


The pounding outside continued. 


-


Tim finished getting ready for the day and left his apartment. He lived on a fairly quiet street south of the city center in East Passyunk. Despite being outside heart of the city, the neighborhood still bustled with foot traffic, shops, and people. The convenience of being a bigger city like Philadelphia appealed to Tim for this reason. Everything was accessible and awake. At the same time he regretted not being able to share the experience with a friend. Tim thought about calling Carver or Brent. He hadn’t spoke with either of them since the day before he left. They had all gotten together at Brandon Hull’s parent’s house as his parents were out of town. Tim had arrived a little late after he had finished packing up his car. The party was already underway. Scott Maxwell, a kid a year younger than Tim who always had a knack for making music and had recently been away at Elon University outside of Greensboro studying Music Production, was DJing. There was a group of people dancing in the living room, or stumbling around with their hands in the air, with smaller groups huddled together leaning over and talking into each other’s ears to be heard above the music. The house was crowded, many of the people Tim had never met. This wasn’t a big surprise. In a small town with not a lot going on, word about parties spreads quickly and attracts anybody looking for something to do. Tim crab-walked through the crowds trying to find his friends. A hand reached out and grabbed Tim’s shoulder.


“Dude, Philly? I would’ve though Charlotte, maybe, but Philly, what the hell?” It was Sarah’s younger brother, Ben. 


“Yeah, I don’t know, just feel like I need a change of scenery or something, you know?” Tim shouted back.


“Yeah, not really.”

“Hey, do you know where Carver and Brent are?”


“They were in the kitchen.”


Tim nodded and kept walking. The music was too loud. The room, the house over crowded with people whose constant breathy chatter and body heat turned the space into a steam room. Tim had stopped enjoying parties a few years ago when the headaches started coming more intensely. It was all of it. The music, the people, the way the some people tried their damndest to act completely sober when their eyes were wet and blinked in slow motion, or the way some other people used the alcohol and party to excuse their asshole behavior, or the inevitable breaking of furniture, dishes, electronics, picture frames, or relationships and the complete lack of responsibility that followed. It was the post party headache, the feeling of regret, wasted time, or monotony that came from weekend after weekend of the same. 


Tim made it to the kitchen. Bottles and cups lined the counters and spilled out of the trash.


“Hey, anybody seen Carver or Brent?” Tim asked.


A kid in a Cincinnati Reds hat with a New York Mets t-shirt swung his head around to point with his chin towards the screen door at the back of the kitchen. Tim thought for a moment about asking the kid his reasoning for having two different baseball team’s gear. Tim didn’t have any interest in baseball, but it seemed overtly contradictory like someone wearing a Biggie Smalls shirt while playing a Tupac Shakur album, which, despite his disdain for rap music, he understood and respected as a clear rap etiquette faux pas. It was either that this kid didn’t realize or understand what he was doing or was trying to be ironic in a way that most people probably didn’t understand or care.


“Tim! Out here!”


Tim pushed through the kitchen and out the screen door. It felt like he was waking in a sweaty, claustrophobic sleeping bag and finally unzipping the tent in which you’d overslept several hours past the sun’s rising. The air was still warm, but had a tinge of nostalgia marked by cooler mornings and shorter days. It was late summer, the time of year kids and parents thought about returning to school. The high school senior jocks punched each other’s shoulders and bragged about getting scholarships to play football or baseball or basketball or whatever it was they played and how many girls they were going to lay the first semester. The smart kids also bragged about their scholarships and how they were looking forward to leaving the area to pursue bigger things. The town felt festive. Stores left their doors open and the owners leaned in the doorway making small talk with anyone who would stop. Every shop had a sale advertised in the window punctuated with exclamation marks.


“Back to school! Kid’s clothes 30% - 50% off!”


“Be prepared for your college courses! Laptops 20% off!.”


Even the butcher was in the “back to school” spirit, “Come on in! Huge back to school sale! Buy one roast, get a 2 lbs. of ground beef free.”


Autumn was the most difficult season for Tim to enjoy. It was was temperate, beautiful, and a mere anticipatory period for bleak, lifeless winter. It was a reminder of time’s impatience and that the happiest, most joyful and carefree times are only precursors to gnawing sentimental longing for those times. Tim often wished for a poor memory if only to do without the wistful yearning for the past.


It took a minute for Tim’s eyes to adjust to the lack of light in the backyard.


“Hey, man, you’re late! We’ve been waiting for you.” Brent said.


“Yeah, you’re the only reason we came tonight.” Carver’s face finally appeared, framed in a dark grey hooded sweatshirt. 


There was another shadow standing next to Brent and Carver, but Tim wasn’t yet able to make out who it was. 


“Yeah, well, I was busy packing… and uh lost track of time.. anyway, who are all these people? I feel like I used to know everyone that came to these things and now I have no idea.” 


“I think we’re getting old.” Brent tipped this cup back. 


“Also, who is hiding between you guys?”


“Oh, hey, Tim, it’s good to see you again.” 


It was Sarah. Of course it was Sarah. He could see the outline of her frame, the way she stood with her feet drawn together and hands grabbing her elbows to when she was anxious or cold or nervous. He could now see the old tattered Iron Maiden shirt he’d left at her place a few years ago which she had since adopted as her own. She peeked around Carver’s shoulder momentarily.


“Hey, Sarah. I didn’t think you were in town.”


“I convinced my parents to drive me back a day early. I really wanted to be here.”


Tim nodded. 


-


Tim continued walking down the street with his hands in his pockets. He hadn’t spoken to Brent or Carver for weeks and at this point he wasn’t sure where he could even begin. He felt like he owed them an apology for leaving so unexpectedly, for being such a poor friend the last few months, and for the fight. He wanted to call and act like nothing was wrong, have things go back to the way they were, but he knew it just wasn’t possible. They hadn’t been the best of friends either. Brent had a real knack for being overly aggressive and accusatory. Carver was the opposite, he would just ice whoever out when he felt like it. He could be aloof and distant which made it even more difficult to talk it through. 


People around him bustled with energy. It was as if everyone were presently late for some sort of engagement and was on the phone apologizing to someone else for it. 


“Yeah, I’m on my way, I’ll be there in five. Just see if you can stall them for a few minutes.”


Tim was needed nowhere nor was his presence missed or felt by anyone. He appreciated the sense of anonymity the city offered him, but resented being alone. He felt like a spy at times, free to come and go as he pleased, communicating as much or as little as he chose with those around him, all while gathering intel for the motherland. Only in his situation, communication with the motherland seemed to be irreparably severed with no promise of reward or praise upon his return. In fact, there was no promise of return at all. 


A Honda Civic pulled up to a stoplight next to Tim. The car buzzed and shook with overpowering 808 bass drums in 4/4 time. It sounded like it might be 50 Cent’s “In Da Club”, but given the significant boost to the low-end, he wasn’t sure. Why anyone would want to listen to music at a volume past the point of recognizability was beyond Tim. It was like someone adding habaneros, ghost peppers, or any other unappealingly spicy pepper to their food past the point of palatability. At some point it seemed a waste of food. This was worse, however. At least the food masochist was only affecting himself. The civic driver apparently felt his superior taste in music should be shared with his community. He had appointed himself as the neighborhood’s mobile DJ, blasting indistinguishable, ultra-low frequencies from his 20 year old car with white racing stripes. The light changed and the Civic roared off. Tim turned to his left. Wedged between a Sweet’s Pastries and a FedEx was Oliver T’s Books. With little else to do, Tim decided to go in. 


The store opened into a narrow hall with the bespectacled store owner hunched over the counter reading. He looked up as Tim entered, 


“Hi there, how are you?”


“I’m fine.”


“Can I help you find something?”


Tim thought about his recent move, the decision to leave behind good friends and family in an effort to find something. As he didn’t know what it was he was looking for, it could very well be in this store, he thought.


“No, nothing, I’m just looking around.”


“Well, what are you in the mood for?” The owner smiled and, putting his book down, leaned forward against the counter with both palms pushing down.


“I guess, I don’t know. I was just killing time, I suppose.” 


“Ahh, killing time, perfect, I have just the thing. Might I make a recommendation, if you don’t mind? Great, follow me!” The shop owner ambled out from behind the counter moving like a giraffe. He swung back and forth from one side of the aisle to the other, inspecting everything as he went. 


“No, no, no. Not it. That’s not it. Hmm, follow me.” 


Tim watched the man as he mosied down the front hallway of the store. The walls were a collage children’s book artwork; a few different versions of the cover of Lewis Carroll’s “Alice in Wonderland” and Maurice Sendak’s “Where the Wild Things Are,” were framed and hung centrally, under a light, with other less recognizable posters spiralling outwards in a fractal-like pattern. At the end of the hall, they entered another room, much larger in dimension, but significantly smaller in traversable space. The bookshelves sprouted up wherever there was floor space, ending just before they reached the eight foot ceiling. The aisles were slightly wider than shoulder width and continued to the back of the room which, because of the height of the bookcases obscuring the lights, was not entirely visible. 


“Aha, here it is! Now this isn’t hot off the press or anything, but I just read it again yesterday and have been looking for someone with whom I can discuss it. And…”


“Wait, you read it in a day?”


“I did. I don’t have much else to do. I just sit at the counter and read until someone comes in. Then I try not to scare them away the best I can and if I can do that, or not do that, then I try to get them to leave with a book. That’s about what my makes up my day. Anyway, this isn’t probably the most popular book out there or anything, I mean it’s not about zombies or werewolves or whatever else is selling, but it certainly is gripping. Plus, it’s an important part of the world’s history.”


He held the book out for Tim to see. Tim read the title of the book aloud.


“The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich. Wait, Nazis?”

“Hitler, Nazi letters and diaries, WWII, it’s got it all.”


“Yeah, yeah, so like swastikas, SS guys, right?”


“That’s right.”


“Hmm. Yeah, I think this is somehow what I was looking for. How much is it?”


“Ehh, why don’t you just come in every few days and we’ll talk about what you read. I’d much prefer that to the money anyway.”


“Yeah? Yeah, I could do that. I would actually really like that.”


“Great! Hey, well, I’m Daniel.” He reached out his hand to Tim. “This is my little shop of stories. We’ve been here 20 years, but it’s gotten a little quiet the last few years. I’m glad you came in.”


“Yeah, me too. I’ve walked by here before, but just kind of wandered in today. I’m Tim.”


Tim chatted with Daniel for another few hours. He told Daniel about his recent move from North Carolina. 


-


Tim left his Statesville home around 2pm the day after the party. He had packed up and cleaned out his apartment the night before, but left time to rummage through belongings at his parent’s house before he left. His mother sat fidgety at the kitchen table with her laptop, checking her email, then the news, then the cost of flights from Charlotte to Philadelphia and Greensboro to Philadelphia. Periodically, she walked down the hall to Tim’s room and stood in the doorway.


“Do you need any help? Everything coming along alright?”


Tim’s mother was raised in North Carolina and had never left the state. She was homeschooled until her senior year of highschool when her parents finally agreed to let her attend public school. It was during her senior year she met Tim’s father and had conceived him less than two years later. She told Tim on occasion about his birth, tearing up every time she recounted it. His father had been at work constantly, picking up extra shifts in preparation for the coming expenses. He was at work the day she went into labor. Tim’s mother called her neighbor, who, at the time, was a recently widowed, retired college professor. As they drove to the hospital together, his mother said a prayer in her head, blessing that her baby would be happy. At the hospital, she went right into the delivery room and was out again in less than an hour. 


“It’s like you just couldn’t wait to meet the world.” She’d sniffle. “And you just came out and looked around, without crying. And I just knew you’d be able to accomplish great things.”


Like most mothers, she was constantly worried about her children, fiercely proud of them, and unsure of how to navigate their decreasing dependency on her and their father. She wanted nothing but the best for her children.


Tim’s father was the product of military parents. He moved frequently when he was younger, from Georgia to Hawaii to Arizona to California to Virginia and finally North Carolina. While Tim’s father was in highschool he demonstrated a proclivity for physics, entering and winning several science fairs around the state, his more notable projects looked into the idea of perpetual motion machines using magnets, capillary action, and gravity.
After meeting Tim’s mother and getting her pregnant he joined the Navy. After some moving 
around, he accepted a position as an Oceanographer/Meteorologist for the US Navy in Statesville, North Carolina. They had lived there nearly 20 years. In the summer of 1995 Tim’s younger brother was born. Jacob was a pudgy blob of skin and black hair. He was loud at all hours, crying when he was wet, tired, hungry, angry, sleepy, or completely content. He cried when he moved and when he was still. Tim was sure Jacob cried when he was asleep, woke up to his own cries, and then cried about being awake. Tim remember driving with his parent’s and Jacob to see the doctor about his brother’s colicky behavior in his father’s white, 1998 Nissan Sentra. The car was another new addition to the family. His father had traded for it with a neighbor in exchange for help building and painting the neighbor’s fence. His father spent nearly all of his free time the spring before his brother’s birth working on the fence while Tim sat in the grass trying to understand and grasp the finality of death. After the fence was completed, Tim many late night and weekend hours in garage listening to James Taylor while his father bled the fluid from the old radiator into paint trays, removed the old radiator, then, following the diagrams in the pages he photocopied at the library from a Chilton’s Repair Manual, dropped the new radiator in place. After he connected all of the hoses again, they waited while the new radiator filled with fluid. He remembered how his father had used a small hose to siphon the fluid from the gallon jug to the radiator. 


“Watch this!” He said, his eyebrows raised, matching his excitement. With one end of the hose in the jug, he put the other end up to his lips and sucked. The fluid traveled up out of the jug and down the length of the hose. Just as the fluid reached his lips, he took the hose out of his mouth and plunged it into the radiator. Tim couldn’t believe how the fluid kept pouring into the radiator without his father’s help. 


“How does it do that?”


“Gravity. The same reason we don’t fly into space.”


-


“Will you wait until your father comes home? He would really love to say ‘goodbye’ to you.” His mother stood in the doorway again. 


Tim waited. He and his mother sat in the living room watching TV quietly. Tim glanced at his mother, who was tugging and twisting at the bottom of her shirt. Her face was slightly puffy and it It looked like she was holding her breath. When his father returned from work, his parent’s helped him with putting his belonging in his car. 


“I don’t want you to leave, but I know you can accomplish great things. And if this town is holding you back then you’ve got to show the world who you are.” His mother stifled tears as she kissed him through the driver’s side window. 


“Please call us when you get there. And if you need anything out there, let us know. If you need money to get back home, you just let us know.” His father placed his hand on Tim’s shoulder. 


“Thanks. I love you guys.”


Tim woke the next morning in Washington DC with a hunger pangs. He had slept in his car, not wanting to spend money for a hotel. The sun was just starting to find its way into city. Tim ate his breakfast of granola bars and oranges in a nearby park waiting for the museums to open. While Tim waited, a middle-aged man approached him on crutches. He carried with him an overloaded camping backpack. 


“Can I join you?” The man wore a beanie, winter coat, and winter boots. 


“Sure.”
“I’m Joe.” Joe sat down on the bench next to Tim without removing his pack.


“Tim.” He shook the man’s hand.


“What do you do, Tim.” 


“Uh, I don’t know. I’m headed to Philadelphia.”


“What are you going to do in Philadelphia?”


“Uh, I don’t know. I guess I’ll try to figure that out when I’m there.”


“Hmm. Sounds fun. I’ve been to Philadelphia once. I prefer it here in DC, though.” 


Tim nodded and waited. 


“Yeah, I’ve been all around, actually. I used to ride trains all over. Can you believe that? Just hop on a train and hop off in a new state? I just got too old for all of the traveling I suppose. You know? Sometimes it’s just nice to have a place to call home.”


“Where are you from?”


“Oh, I guess you could say I’m from Las Vegas. I grew up there until I was about 25. I got mixed up in a bad crowd there, slinging dope. My parents threw me out when I was 16, I guess I’ve kind of been wandering around since then. Anyway, I started running around with some guys, selling dope, getting high, that kind of thing, you know? After a few years I was the one making the calls. I had people working for me. I had more money coming in than I knew what to do with. I tried to make a home with this girl I met. We had a twins together. They’re still there with their mom. I call them on their birthday, one of them won’t talk to me since I left. He thinks I ran out on them.” 


Joe paused and shook his head. He brought his hands together in front of him with his elbows on his knees.


“I didn’t run out on them. Believe me, I’d be there right now if I could. There’s some bad people in that town, I was one of them, now that I’m out I can’t go back, you know? It’s not safe. For awhile I was sending them money to keep them afloat while I tried to figure a permanent solution. Well, it’s over been 20 years and all I’ve figured out is that I ain’t got shit going for me. I have no skills besides hustling and I’m not going back to that life. So, the money’s gone and my kid’s are stuck living with their mom in a one bedroom apartment struggling to make the food stamps out to last each month. Last month they turned 28.”


Joe turned to Tim.


“How old are you?”


“I’m, uh, 27.”


“Huh… Well, anyway, the one that talks to me, he’s got cerebral palsy. When he was little and I was still around we just thought he was learning slower than his brother. We didn’t pay much mind. Now he’s got to use a wheelchair to get around. We named him Brian. His brother is Mike. God, I miss them, you know? I mean, I tried. I tried to provide for them even after I was gone. I don’t know. I guess I’m just a shit father. At least I saw my old man until I was 16. My boys were probably three or four when I left. They have no idea who I am. At this point, I’m not sure who I am.”


The two were silent for a while; Tim not knowing what to say and Joe seemingly lost in thoughts about his boys, poor decisions he’d made, and uncertainty for the future. 
 
Tim finally spoke, “I guess I don’t really know why I’m going to Philadelphia. I’m not even sure how I decided upon Philadelphia in the first place. I mean, my friends and family are still in North Carolina. I don’t have a job lined up or even an apartment. I think I just needed to get away. Like, if I didn’t, I’d be stuck there forever. Stuck with people and memories I love, but make me feel small and insignificant. Sometimes it’s your favorite memories about your favorite people and favorite times that end up being the ones that hurt the most. Isn’t that backwards?” Why can’t you enjoy the good memories. I mean you can spend more time with those people trying to recreate what you had, but you never will. You’ll just end up with more nostalgia in the future. It doesn’t make any sense. As I hear myself say it, I’m quite aware it doesn’t make sense. I must be the only guy who is scared of making fun, lasting memories because, heaven forbid, I’ll have to remember them and be sad about it.”


“Yeah, I don’t know, kid. I think I know where you’re coming from, but I’d just as soon replace my drug-fueled memories with watching my twins grow up, get girlfriends, learn to drive, graduate school. I guess at some point I realized that I’m going to die with more regret than pride in what I’ve accomplished and to me that’s the scariest part about dying. I’m running low on time.”


“That makes sense.”


“Yeah, well anyway, life isn’t easy for anyone I don’t think. We’re all out here just trying to do our best, trying to survive, and that means something different to each one of us. Trying to survive without stepping on each other’s toes makes life even more difficult.”


The two remained quiet for another few minutes.


“Well,” Joe slapped his knees, “what are we doing today?”


“Oh, I was just going to go to a few museums and monuments around the mall, did, did you want to come?”


“I think it’d be rude of me not to at this point, right? Plus, who knows, maybe we can create some memories to block out some of those old ones.” Joe smiled. His thick beard parted briefly to show chipped, yellowing teeth before again engulfing his mouth in a shroud of facial hair. “Well, let’s go, let’s do this, I’m ready” Joe jumped up and started shadow boxing.


Tim had never been very good at saying, nor in this instance did he have a reason to. 


The two spent the day together walking the length of the mall, from the Lincoln Memorial to the United States Capitol. The stopped in the National Gallery of Art where works from Rembrandt, van Gogh, Monet, Matisse, and others hung in elaborate frames drawing crowds of people tripping over each other to get a picture of the artwork on their cell phone. Tim and Joe watched from a distance and laughed. 


They stopped in the National Museum of Natural History. Tim was particularly impressed with the rock and mineral collection in the museum. In his sophomore year in high school, his geology class had taken a field trip to Hiddenite, North Carolina to dig up and sluice rocks at the world’s only emerald mine open to the public for prospecting. The class of 30 was broken into pairs with the direction to each pair to work together to find the largest emerald they could. The pair that did such would receive an ‘A’ on the upcoming midterm. Tim had been paired up with Sarah. It was the first time he had been given a reason to talk to her despite him having been interested in her for some time. She was by no means the popular girl in school, in fact, as far as he could tell she only had a few good friends with whom she almost exclusively spent her time. To Tim this meant he may actually have a chance with her as she wasn’t constantly being hounded by guys who were quintessential douchebags with little to offer besides their ability to treat other people outside of their circle poorly. Sarah was beautiful, but in less of a Jenna Jameson way and more of a Aubrey Plaza way, cute, quirky, and a little mousey. She was quiet and respectful in class, though always ready and able to contribute to the lessons and discussions if called upon. With her friends, however, she became more animated. Tim would see her in the halls, gesturing as she spoke with her friends. When she laughed, she’d toss her head back, her wavy, black hair bouncing rhythmically. 


Tim and Sarah picked out a shovel and bucket and headed down the trail. Classmates around them were running past them, trying to get a head start on finding the emeralds. 


“This is kind of weird, right?” Tim asked. 


“What?” 


“I mean, like, coming out here for school to try to find a particular rock that is bigger than the rocks other people find and getting a good grade for it. I mean, I don’t mind it, it’s kind of cool that Mr. Dougan is cool like that, it’s just kind of a weird thing.”


“Yeah, I know. It is more fun than sitting in a classroom.”


“Hah, yeah, that’s true. So, are you going to the basketball game Friday night?” While the words  were still travelling out of his mouth and in transit to Sarah’s ears, he wondered why he had asked. He had no interest in school activities or sports and the coming together of the two seemed like a terrible waste of time. 


“No, I don’t think so. I’ll probably end up going over to Jess’ house with Amy, watch a movie or something. We’ve been wanting to watch 22 Jump Street, it looks funny. Plus, the first one was funny.”


“Oh, cool. Yeah, I saw the first one, it was pretty good.”


The two spent the next several hours talking about nothing of any consequence, yet all of it meaningful to Tim. They dug through the soil in the foothills of the Brushy Mountains of North Carolina and waded in the small stream that ran along the mine. 


Tim wouldn’t ask Sarah to be his girlfriend until a couple years later when they were both seniors, but that day in Hiddenite was one of his most vivid memories.


-


Outside the Washington Memorial, Tim and Joe sat in the grass to rest. 


“They don’t make ‘em like they used to, do they?” Joe crooned.


“Huh?”


“You know, Washington, Adams, Lincoln, Jefferson, Martin Luther King Jr. They don’t make ‘em like they used to. People are flighty, scared, and irresponsible. They don’t believe in anything anymore except for the internet and movies.”


“Yeah, I guess.”


“What do you believe?”


“Well, I don’t know. I guess, love. I think I believe in love, I definitely used to, I’m not so sure anymore.”


“Sure you do, you’re running away from love. You don’t run away from something you don’t believe in. The moment you stop believing in the boogie man, he can’t chase you up the stairs out of your basement anymore. Sooner or later you’ll have to face that boogie man and take his power away. You know, look him in the eye and ask him what he wants from you.”


As the day wore on, Tim and Joe ambled past the Washington Monument to the Lincoln Memorial and back to the towards the Holocaust Memorial Museum.


“Well, kid. This is where I leave ya. I don’t think I can stomach this one. I just can’t understand how one man could convince so many others to not only turn against another group of people, but attempt to systematically erase their existence from the earth because of what, they’re religion? How the lived and what they believed? I mean I did some terrible things when I was young and stupid and mixed up in a bad crowd. I can’t excuse that away, but this is something completely different. I just see some of those families who went through unimaginable things and can’t stomach it.”


“I get it. I would think you were weird if you were excited to go in.”


Tim thanked Joe for his company throughout the day, his wisdom, and positivity.


“You too, kid. I had a good day, which isn’t always the case these days.”


“Here’s my phone number, if you ever hop back on a train and come up to Philadelphia, let me know. I can’t promise a place to stay, given I don’t have my own place, but I’d love to meet up. We can do some more of this American history stuff.”


“Sounds great. Thanks, Tim.”


Joe’s beard parted once again revealing his sparsely toothed mouth. He held out his hand. Tim grabbed his hand smiled back.


-


Tim left the bookstore promising to come back in no longer than a couple days to discuss the book with Daniel.


Tim continued walking down the street with the book tucked beneath his arm. 


Tim walked past a thrift store.


“Come in! Halloween costumes to blow your friends’ minds!” The sign boasted. 


Tim went in, he had no Halloween plans, but loved the idea of thrift shops--looking through forgotten, discarded, and unappreciated items. His greatest thrift find was while with some friends in Charlotte. They had gone into a thrift store to find old metal and rock and roll T-shirts. In a glass case along the back wall, Tim found a Starfield electric guitar. Having never heard of the brand, he looked it up on his phone and found that it was an Ibanez owned company who had made a number of guitars in the likeness of the popular American company Gibson. This happened to be a “lawsuit model” making it quite valuable to collectors. Tim bought the guitar for $60 and later sold it on Ebay for over $500.


This thrift shop was almost exclusively clothing. Racks stretched from the cash registers to the back where they had a few changing rooms and mirrors. Tim browsed the men’s shirts, dragging each hanger across his body on the railing from left to right. The hangers cried out as he pushed them together on the rack to consolidate space.  A t-shirt from the 2011 Philadelphia marathon, Frankford Candy & Chocolate Company, a picture of Santa and some reindeer, a YOLO shirt. Finally, Tim pulled back a shirt to reveal a suited skeleton figure with protective glasses on. In the background, an alien floated in some kind of holding tank and above in block letters, Megadeth. He grabbed the shirt and continued flipping through the hangers absent-mindedly. With winter approaching, he moved to the rack with coats and jackets; a red track suit, a leather black leather jacket from the 90s, a University of Pennsylvania hooded sweatshirt. The last coat on the rack caught Tim’s eye. It was a wool houndstooth overcoat that looked like it could’ve been from the 50s or 60s--single breasted, cuffed sleeves, four brown buttons up the front, and two hand pockets. Tim pictured Don Draper wearing the coat. Besides the silk lining coming apart at some seams, the coat was in good condition. 


Throughout high school, Tim had dressed like a metalhead. Though he wasn’t particularly outgoing, he was generally warm and friendly with everyone in his high school. He and his friends often befriended the loners and oddballs in the school, creating a clan of kind, good-natured misfits. Instead of bullying or athletics they’d try to make people laugh. One day they spent their lunch hour duct taping Brent to a tree outside of the school. Kicking and yelling to draw the attention of other students to him, Tim ran circles around him with duct tape in hand.


“Hey, come on, man. Cut it out! I gotta go to class!” Brent shrieked, feigning rabid distress. After the roll of tape was exhausted Tim and the rest of his friends who weren’t taped to a tree went back into the school. When the bell rang, the laughing crowds of kids headed for class, leaving Brent to enjoy some free time with a perfectly valid excuse for his absence in the classroom. On days when the weather forced them to eat inside, Tim and his friends occasionally staged tripping over chairs, steps, or benches, spilling their lunches down the hall. The looks of shock, concern, and delight was enough reward to keep them doing it despite the often violent collisions with the ground. They had to be convincing after all. 


Many of his friends, including Tim himself let their hair grow long. Though he tried to keep it out of his face, Tim was told by many people that before they knew him they were intimidated by his long hair. His endless collection of Slayer, Megadeth, Metallica, Iron Maiden, Motley Crue, Metal Church, Scorpions, Anthrax, and Rush t-shirts, among others, probably didn’t help him being perceived as standoffish by his fellow classmates. He was a metalhead and dressed like one. Though he still loved metal and went to thrift stores in search for shirts from his favorite metal bands, his sleeveless tees were now replaced with button-ups designed to fit slender frames like his own, and his grungy, ripped-in-the-knee jeans were replaced with slim jeans, usually black or dark blue or grey. He wore wing-tipped, brown leather boots. His appearance was clean and unassuming. He didn’t know much about fashion and tried to keep it simple for this reason. 


The houndstooth overcoat in front of him now was stretching his fashion sensibility, but without anyone to tell him he shouldn’t or couldn’t get it, he brought the coat and the Megadeth shirt up to the register. 


A woman at the register waved to Tim as she approached. She held her hands out and Tim handed over his finds. 


“So, the t-shirt and this coat?” She looked back and forth between the two. “Is that everything?” The cashier removed the hangers and folded the items.


“Yeah, it’s, uh, for a Halloween costume.”


“Oh, okay! You’re going to be like a G-man rock and roller or something?”


“Yeah, something like that.” He wasn’t sure why he felt the need to explain himself, especially with a lie, or why he felt the need to be agreeable. At this point it was more of a reaction in the same way he still lifted his feet when driving over cattle guards or touched the roof of the car he was in when driving through a yellow light, even if no one else was around. 


In college, Tim met with a school counsellor to discuss his education track. He was getting close to completing his general education courses and would soon need to declare a major and register for the appropriate classes. After taking an introductory course in high school and now a 200 level college course, Tim had become increasingly more interested in computer programming. He often thought how fun it would be to write code and develop video games. In his meeting with the counsellor, however, when Tim expressed his interest in computer science classes and specifically his idea of learning to code video games, his enthusiasm was met with question.


“Are you sure? You want to sit at a desk all day looking at a computer? That is something you need to consider. You might also want to consider that some people who work desk jobs in front of computers, over time, can develop blood clots in their legs and problems with their vision. I have a brother who is a computer programmer and he just comes home so exhausted from being sedentary. Plus, what is a video game programmer really contributing to society anyway? At best, video games are a distraction from more productive learning and growing activities and at worse they teach children that their actions do not have consequences. They produce violent, undisciplined children. Wouldn’t you rather pursue a career in a field that promoted healthy living or education or tackled society’s environmental, economical, or political problems?”


Tim winced internally at the counselors painfully misinformed and outdated opinion on the subject.


“I see your point. I guess I hadn’t thought of it that way. Maybe I need to reconsider my choice in the computer sciences field.”


It sounded like he was reading from a script as he spoke, however, the counselor, hearing that he had successfully imparted his wise counsel on Tim, sat up in his chair and smiled. 


“Great, I’d like to see you again in a week’s time to talk about what other interest you have. We don’t have too long to decide on what classes you should be taking next semester.”


Tim smiled back agreeably. The counselor made an appointment for Tim to come back in a week’s time, which Tim immediately canceled upon his return home. The next day Tim went ahead and signed up for Mobile Apps Development, Web Technologies, Database Analysis/programming, and Software Development. 


-


Tim thanked the store clerk, took his bag, and returned home.


It was not yet 5pm. When you are unemployed everyday can feel like Saturday, which, for a while, Tim found enjoyable and relaxing, but at some point became frustrating. The structure and camaraderie with coworkers that came along with employment was definitely something Tim wished he had. And the lack of income definitely limited what he was able to do. 


Tim put a couple frozen burritos in the microwave and tried on the overcoat. The sleeves stopped appropriately a little beyond the wrist and up the back of his hand. The back of the coat fell just below his knee and when buttoned, complemented his slim figure well. He imagined carrying a briefcase in one hand with a newspaper tucked under his arm running to make the 8:05am train into the city, his free hand occasionally reaching up to keep his Fedora from flying off of his head. The train doors would close, perhaps pinching his coattails, as he jumped on the train. Then, resting his briefcase on the floor between his legs, he’d unfold the newspaper and read the latest on the Red Scare.


Tim held the sleeve cuff of his right arm with his left hand and slid his right arm out of the coat. After pulling his left arm out, he laid it on his bed and used quick sweeping motions to dust the coat. Starting at the top of the coat and working his way down to the bottom, he patted it down and brushed off any debris. When he got near the hem of the coat he felt something stiff in the fabric. Tim felt around the object to try to get a sense of what it was. As if he were a kid again, too excited to wait until Christmas morning to open presents, he shook it, felt the edges, and theorized what it could be. Maybe it was a wallet, the wallet of a rich man. Tim would get it out, find hundreds of thousands of dollars in old, rare currency and never have to work again.  It was too thin to be a wallet, however. Perhaps it was the passport or identification of a famous spy or soldier or political figure. Surely a museum would want to buy it from him and, following the sale, national and maybe even international media outlets would pick up the story and plead with him and offer exorbitant amounts of money to give them his exclusive story. He would probably probably sit down with NBC first. 


Maybe it was a famous painting or print. The owner of the coat had stolen it from The Philadelphia Museum of Art while guards were preoccupied with child having a seizure, slipped it into a secret compartment in his overcoat and went on his way thinking he had successfully escaped with a world-renowned piece of art. Eventually, the police caught up to the man before he was in the privacy of his home and could remove the painting from his coat. The man was arrested and his coat lost in the jail system. The jail, now under new management, recently cleaned out their lost and found of items from past eras to make room for the growing need. The items were donated to the local thrift store where this overcoat, still containing the painting, was sold to Tim. It was probably an early work by Mary Cassatt who studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Art in Philadelphia, Tim thought. It made sense. 


The painting/ID/wallet was in between the wool shell of the coat and its silk lining. There were tears along the seams of the silk lining, but nothing big enough to get the object out. Confused, Tim continued turning the coat over, searching along the seams where the silk met the wool. He didn’t want to cut it open, but was getting increasingly frustrated with anticipation of what was inside and his inability to get it out. Just before giving up hope and grabbing a knife from his kitchen he found a pocket on the inside of the coat he hadn’t noticed before. The bottom of the pocket was torn, giving him access to the space between the wool and silk. He reached his arm in, bunching the coat up to reach the hem like he was turning a sock inside out. He had it. He pulled his arm out. It was a envelope. Written in longhand on the front of the envelope was “To Judith”. He turned the card over, it was still sealed. In black ink, where the fold was sealed was a stamp of the letter “A”. 


Ahh, Tim thought, it was a letter to Judy Garland. He had in his hands a love letter to one of America’s most loved actresses from her first love Artie Shaw. Artie was the “A” on the back of the envelope. 


Tim opened the envelope carefully. It was indeed a letter inside, on two pieces of lined paper, front and back written in delicate longhand. 


“June 3, 1957


Dear Judith, 


It is with a heavy heart, saddened by the temporary impasse with which we are faced, I write you this letter. I adore you, Judith. I remember meeting you that Saturday morning under the awning in front of coffee shop on the corner of 9th avenue and west 23rd street. It was raining. The ominous weather seemed to be a reflection of the tumult I was fighting and losing within myself. The company with whom I had been employed for nearly five years had just terminated me and the rent payment on my apartment was late. With my landlord threatening eviction if I were not able to pay him within three day’s time and my sudden lack of income. I felt I had very little to find hope in, Judith. I do not tell you these things to cause  you to feel pity for me or impose upon you some sense of responsibility for how you should now feel about me. I tell you these things to give you some context for which you are receiving this letter of thanks and apology. 


I saw you across the street with your handbag held above your head to shield yourself from the rain. Your other hand lightly gripping your dress below your red belt cinched around your waist. As you ran towards the awning covering me from the rain, I imagined you were running towards me. I imagined we were lovers who had spent time away and were now being reunited. Judith, I can not say what made me imagine such a fantasy, perhaps it was the state of desperation and loneliness I was in or your unequivocal, radiating beauty, but I can tell you that it was a wonderful thought. As you reached the other side of the street, you misstepped on the uneven road and tripped slightly, perhaps you remember. I was overjoyed, not that you had fallen, but to have a reason to reach out to you. I stepped off the curb and offered my hand. You took my hand. As I led you under the awning where we laughed at ourselves and others trying to escape the rain, I forgot my miserable state. I asked if I could share a cup of coffee with you. You said you had to be somewhere shortly, but would join me for a cup. We went in the coffee shop where the squeaks from the waitresses’ wet shoes against the tile floor were nearly as loud as the conversations from rain-drenched patrons. While I’m not sure how we came upon the subject, we talked about our parents. You said you had moved to the city right when you turned 18 in a fit of rebellion and independence. Your father shouted after you not to come back while your mother wept and turned away. Though I managed to keep you much longer than I think you had anticipated, eventually you had to leave. 


These last few weeks have been marvelous. I have never in my life enjoyed the company of someone as much as I have enjoyed yours. The passion with which you express yourself and allow to drive your day is inspiring. With you, the most mundane activities are exciting and enjoyable. We pretended as though we were international spies as we slipped into the post office to mail “intel” to your sister. We danced to the sound of cars, birds, and people in the park on our back from the market. You have been a beacon for me as I am certain you have been for others. Thank you.


I have been given an opportunity for employment with my Uncle Charles in Philadelphia. I am leaving in the morning. Though I dread not seeing you every day, I am in a position in which this opportunity is less of a choice and more of a necessity. I am sorry. I am acting selfishly, I know, by letting you know in writing and not in person. I did not think I could bear the heartbreak and wanted to give you space to contemplate the idea of coming with me. I would never expect you to do so, but would be thrilled if chose to. If you would like to come I will be staying Charles Fillmore (SAratoga-8439). If you stay, I will understand. I do not expect to be here for long and will be returning to find you as quickly as I am able.


Please forgive me.


Yours forever,


Arthur Fillmore”


Tim held the letter in his hand with an image of Arthur tearfully tiptoeing out of an apartment where Judith slept still playing in his mind. He contemplated why the note had not made it to its intended recipient and remained unopened until a few minutes ago.


The microwave beeped to let Tim know his frozen burritos were hot enough to melt steel on the outside and internally maintained a thick icy core. Admittedly, he didn’t understand the science behind microwaves or other methods of heating food quickly, but it was amazing to Tim that although technology had advanced to the point in which a modern smartphone has more computational capabilities than all of NASA in 1969, the microwave was the best option to heat a frozen burrito quickly. Maybe it was his inability to splurge for an expensive model, but he was never able to cook anything to a temperature consistent throughout that item, liquid, solid, or otherwise.


Tim ate his burritos while watching TV. Although it was nice as a single person, living alone in a place without any friends, to use the TV to provide some sense of companionship, this was a habit he had adapted well before moving. He liked to think that he was more old fashioned when it came to living in a digital age. He tried to write letters and postcards to those far away when he was able and always prefered a phone call to a text message, but in this regard he failed. It was his pacifier. He used the TV to unwind, distract, procrastinate, fill silence, and entertain. His parents hated it, his mother specifically.


“Tim, I need you to take out the trash, yeah?” she’d say. “Tim! I need you to take out the trash, okay?”


Tim turned and nodded towards his mother, but it was unclear as to whether or not he had actually heard her. Though he had turned his head and eyes towards his mother, it was as if he was still focusing on something at the same distance as the TV, but behind her, or as if he wasn’t in his body at all.


“Tim, are you listening? Can you do it now, please.”


“Yeah, got it.” Tim nodded again.


“So could you go do it, please?”


“Huh?” Realizing his mother wasn’t relenting, he came back to his body.


“Take out the trash, please, for the 4th time, yeah!”


Tim’s brother, Jacob, was worse. He was the reason their mother started adding “yeah?” at the end of nearly everything she said. It was her attempt to get some kind of participation in the conversation. With a complete lack of nonverbal feedback she tried to encourage the most basic verbal feedback, the most basic sign the words coming out of her mouth were actually vibrating the tiny hairs in their cochleas. 


“Am I even actually speaking out loud? Maybe I’m not actually making a sound.” She’d joke in exasperation. 


Jacob played the guitar and had a the unsettling ability to tune just about anything out when he was playing. It was as if he were a marionette puppet, devoid of volition, bouncing and bobbing along to the rhythm of the song he was playing. It usually took physical contact to bring Jacob back to his body, a hand to mute the strings, a kick in the shins, or a finger in his ear. Their mother had the most success with the latter-most. In fact, the former of the two were becoming less and less effective as he just played through the distractions.


-


Tim finished his burritos and sprawled across his couch with “The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich”. 


He woke in the morning, still on the couch, with the book in his hand. He had fallen asleep towards the end of the first chapter. Tim tried to recall what he had read--Adolf’s birth and life as a destitute vagabond in Vienna, his unremarkable service in World War I, and his struggle in the post-war era. 


“Was there something about a bear?” He thought. “Yeah, a bear and a conversation with Goebbels, maybe.”


He flipped through the pages he had read, scanning the pages for the word “bear.” There was nothing. It came back to him more clearly. There was a conversation between Hitler and Goebbels in a cafe or something. Hitler was telling Goebbels how important the “bear” would prove. Tim remembered. He was the bear. Tim was with Hitler and Goebbels at the cafe, but he was a bear. 


“We’ll release the bear in every city we want to take over! It’s so simple! The bear will rip our opponents limb from limb, leaving a trail of broken spirits and body parts. Ahahah, we will rule the world in one month.”
As Hitler laughed, his mouth opened wider and wider until all that was left of his head was a tongue sticking straight up and two semicircles of teeth curving out towards his neck and back up to his tongue. What was weirder, to Tim, who was still sitting in the restaurant tethered to Hitler with a leash around his neck, was Goebbels. As Hitler laughed and subsequently turned into a post-mortem, Beetlejuice-style monster, Goebbels also began laughing. His laughter turned into coughing and eventually into violent vomiting. Blood spewed from his mouth and nose, covering the table, and splashing all over Hitler and Tim. Waiters rushed to the table with rags to sop up the mess, but were unable to keep up with demand. Tim began seeing objects in the bloody vomit; a trumpet, a boxing glove, a live duck. Finally, a stream of undelivered letters came cascading out of Goebbels mouth. The rush of letters spun and flew across the room hitting other patrons and landing in their food and sent a storm of air through the restaurant like a train had just past. Tim woke as Goebbels finally choked up one last letter which landed in Tim’s bear lap. 


-


Tim picked up the letter he had found inside the coat. He reread it. He thought of Sarah. Sarah had ended things with Tim, this most recent time following an argument around Tim’s “lack of effort” in the relationship. Tim felt Sarah was still navigating the aftermath of pregnancy and abortion.


“You just don’t act like you even care about me anymore.” Often, Sarah’s physical appearance and posture was more telling than her words. She sat on the edge of the bed with her shoulders hunched forward. She clasped her hands in her lap and stared down at the floor.


“That’s not true. Just last week, I took you to a movie and dinner. I thought we had a really nice time.” 


“We did, I’m not arguing that. We always have a good time, but what about the day to day. Sometimes I feel like you forget about me when you are reading or writing or watching TV or doing whatever else you are doing. You don’t include. You used to leave me little notes around the apartment telling me, ‘I love you’ or ‘Have a good day’.”


This was true. Tim had gotten out of the habit of writing notes and letters to Sarah. Perhaps he had found some sense of complacency in their relationship and let Sarah down in ways he hadn’t before. Did this not happen in every relationship? It seemed impossible that anyone could keep up the same level of romance.


“I mean, I know things have changed. We’ve been through some difficult times, but I still do things for you.”
“I know you do. You do. I just miss you surprising me.” She paused. “Something’s changed, I don’t know how to put it into words.”


“Of course something’s changed. Life happened. It’s unavoidable. People are shaped by the passing of time--the people around them, the events in their lives beyond their control, the choices they make or don’t make--it doesn’t mean we don’t love each other or can’t work together to get through whatever is standing in our way.”


“You’re right, I still do love you, I just feel like I need some time, maybe. Something just doesn’t feel right.”


With Arthur’s letter to Judith in his hand, he wished he had written a letter or note or multiple letters and notes to Sarah. Maybe that would have kept her with him. It was true, what she said, there were times he’d write her letters or notes just for fun. He had once surprised her with an all day treasure hunt in which each clue led to a treasure stashed at a place significant to their relationship. The final treasure of the adventure was tickets to see her favorite band, First Aid Kit. Now when he had thoughts about what he could do to surprise her or make her feel loved, something else came up before he was able to get to it and he forgot all about it. Or, worse, he thought about how much work it would be or how expensive it would be and decided he’d do something else.


He grabbed a pen and a notebook. He had to know if Arthur and Judith ended up together. He knew if they were able to make their relationship work despite the distance or trying circumstances the letter outlined, it would mean he could figure it out with Sarah. To Tim, in this moment, the universe had brought him to Philadelphia, to the thrift store, to the coat, to the letter. Historically, Tim was anything but superstitious. He balked at religion--not that religion was wrong or didn’t make sense to some people. He believed that religion and religious people were generally good, well-intentioned people, but he didn’t buy into the Christian idea of a God or a Savior. Of course he couldn’t argue with the Golden Rule, but he took issue with a number of other of things. He didn’t believe in the idea of karma either, and not just the Hindu or Buddhist idea of karma, but the modern, colloquial idea of it as well. Yes, it was true that the more people who sought after good karma would have their efforts repaid by others practicing good karma, but he didn’t believe this was a universal law. There are plenty of people in the world who have done nothing but what is right and good, but are constantly dealt a poor lot. However, in this moment, while he was holding the letter, thinking about Sarah, he felt the universe was trying to tell him something.
He reread the letter, scribing what he could glean as possibly helpful facts.


1. The letter was written, or at least dated, June 3rd, 1957.
2. The intended recipient is named Judith.
3. The writer met the recipient on a Saturday at a coffee shop on the corner of 9th Ave and 23rd St.


Tim read back over his first three facts he had pulled from the letter and laughed at his pedantic tone.


1. The letter was written a “few weeks” after they met, perhaps sometime in early May, 1957.
2. The author has an uncle named Charles Fillmore in Philadelphia.
3. SAratoga-8439 (not sure what this means, but could prove helpful).
4. The author’s name is Arthur Fillmore.


Having finished his list, he set the work aside and ate breakfast, cold cereal and milk. When he ate breakfast, which wasn’t often, he rarely had anything besides cold cereal. It was easy fairly cheap, quick, and easy to clean up after, which for Tim, was the real reason he didn’t like to prepare meals. Any time he could avoid making creating dirty dishes for himself to clean up later was a definite win. This meant baking a frozen pizza on cookie sheet, letting it cool when it had finished, and eating it off the cookie sheet without cutting it up. It also meant when he cooked quesadillas on the stove he flipped the tortilla with his fingers and, once the cheese melted, rolled the tortilla up in the pan and ate it without a plate. He preferred burning his mouth and tongue to cleaning dishes. It was for this reason and for other lazy habits Tim harbored that made him into a comparably clean person. While he didn’t clean often, he didn’t have much to clean. Dirty clothes went into the hamper, when the dirty clothes hamper was full he did laundry. His clean clothes remained in the recently laundered hamper until he cycled through and had to laundry again. He kept few possessions, reducing the risk of things getting scattered around his apartment. His laptop sat next to him on the couch, his guitar still leaned against the kitchen chair, a few notebooks and books stacked in the TV stand, his TV on top of the stand. Besides these belongings, his sparse furniture, and some dishes, Tim saw little need for much else. 


Tim felt confident in his abilities to find Arthur and Judith. He had seen technology develop and flourish by leaps and bounds throughout his life. When he was younger he’d watch Saturday cartoons on a small black and white TV in his parent’s room. He remembered playing California Raisins, Q-Bert, and Frogger on his parent’s PC running MS-DOS in 16 colors. He had seen cell phones take over the world. Whereas it used to be the case that each home only had one computer at the most, now most people had multiple computers in their home and each thousands of times more powerful than the computers from Tim’s youth. Social media not only had the ability to connect people across the world, but it left very little private. He could get online right now and most likely be able to see what each of his friends were doing in North Carolina. Having been born in a digital age where more and more information was found online was an obvious advantage to trying to find the two lovebirds from the letter. Plus, he could do it without having to get dressed and from the convenience of his couch.


Considering the letter was written 58 years ago by someone who had moved out of his parent’s house and had been working at a job for nearly four years already, Tim felt confident in assuming Arthur, if he was still living, was over 75 and probably closer to 80 or 85 years old. This did mean, however, that Arthur was less likely to have a cell phone or any kind of social media presence. Tim did a quick search through the White Pages. There were over a half dozen Arthur Fillmores who came up, but none fit what he knew about Arthur. Either they were not old enough or there was no information about their age, location or previous locations, or known relatives. He tried “Charles Fillmore”. Information about the Unity church came up. Not the right Charles Fillmore. He searched the white pages. There were a few dozen Charles Fillmores, a half dozen listed were listed as having residence in Pennsylvania. It occurred to him that it was even more likely that Charles was no longer living and unless he had a son whom he gave his name to, it didn’t make sense to search for a Charles Fillmore in Philadelphia. He tried searching just “Fillmore” and filtering the results to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. This returned multiple pages of people in and around Philadelphia with the last name of Fillmore. He would need a method to close in on Charles Fillmore, or Arthur Fillmore for that matter. He was interrupted by his phone ringing. It was his mom.


“Hey, mom.”


“Tim, hi, it’s your mother!”


“Yeah, hi, mom, your name up on the caller ID, so I knew. That’s why I said, ‘hey, mom’.”


“I know, I’m just playing.” Tim knew she quite well that she was not ‘just playing’. His mom usually said this after it was pointed out to her she had done something silly or made a fool of herself in some way. (“Hey, mom, you know you gave us each two knives instead of a knife and fork, right?” “Of course I know, I’m just playing.” “Hey, mom, you know you have to click “enter” after you type something in the search bar, right?” “What do you think I’m crazy, I know that, I’m just playing!”)


“Anyway, I was just calling to see how you were getting along, to see if you needed anything.”


“Uh, I’m pretty good, I guess. Just been trying to stay busy.” Tim knew his mom wouldn’t let him get away with an answer this vague.


“What have you been doing to stay busy?”


“Just going on walks and stuff, I just met a guy who owns a bookstore. I talked to him for awhile and he let me borrow a book about the Third Reich, so I’ve been reading that.”


“Oh! Great, maybe he can set you up with a job at the bookstore!” Tim knew this was the real purpose of her call, to sniff out his employment situation. Tim didn’t mind, he too was concerned about finding employment and appreciated his parents’ pep talks and advice. 


“Eh, I doubt it, I mean, I don’t think he has any employees. I think it is just him in there all day. Plus, I don’t think he gets enough traffic to employ anyone.”


“Hmm. Well, you’ll find something. You’re a smart kid.”


“Oh, mom! I went to a thrift store nearby yesterday and…”


“What are you doing going to a thrift store, you know you can’t afford to buy anything right now!” She interrupted him. He pictured her on the phone with him sitting at the kitchen table with Tim’s father reading a newspaper next to her. He bowed his head to peer at his wife above his reading glasses as she said this.


“Yeah, yeah, I know, I was just looking around for fun. Anyway, I found this cool old coat. I thought I might need it for winter, and it fit well, and it was pretty cheap, so I bought it. I brought it home and guess what I found in it.”


“Well, I hope it was some money or something. Maybe a job offer. A map to a treasure chest?” Tim could hear his father laughing in the background.


“No, no, no. There was a sealed love letter in it. It had fallen through a hole in the inner pocket in between the lining of the coat and the wool. The letter was from 1957!”


“Are you sure? That’s an awfully long time ago.”


“Of course, I’m sure. I read it. Here I’ll read it to you.”


Tim read her the letter. 


“Hmm, that’s nice, I wonder what ever happened.” His mother mused. 


“Maybe he came to his senses and changed his mind, Lord knows I would if I could go back in time.” His father laughed. He often joked like this just to try to be fun. Tim’s mother would roll her eyes at him and jab back with something equally benign. In reality, Tim’s parents were quite happy and disagreed minimally. 


“That’s what I’m saying. Not what dad said, what you said, mom. What happened to him, or her, or them. Why didn’t Judith get the letter? I’m going to try to see if I can find either one of them or relatives to try to get the letter to them.”


“Well, don’t go messing around too much getting into people’s private lives and such.” This was his mother’s way of giving Tim her permission while at the same time washing her hands of any culpability. Regardless of how harmless her children’s actions were, she always conceded with words of caution. (“Mom, me and Jacob are going to be playing music in the basement, so just call us when dinner is ready.” “Okay, but don’t play too long or loud, you’ll rot your brains.” “Mom, I’m going to give you a million dollars.” “Okay, Tim, but be careful, you never know what the million dollars will ask for in return.” The last conversation had never happened, obviously but Tim could only imagine his mother’s response would be something similar.)


“Mom, if the letter had been meant for you, wouldn’t you want to see it? Or even if you had written it, wouldn’t you want to see it?”


“Well, yes, I suppose I’d be lying if I said I wouldn’t. That would be quite the blast from the past. And I suppose it would be a nice keepsake or provide some closure if that was needed.”


“Yeah, anyway, it will give me something to do. Maybe I can learn a few tricks along the way and become a private investigator.”


-


Tim got ready for the day, which in his case meant getting ready for his daily walk. He tried to get outside at least once a day even if only for a few minutes. There were occasions in college in which he wouldn’t leave the apartment for a couple of weeks at a time. Usually this stints of isolation were in part caused by a breakup with Sarah, but not always. Sometimes he couldn’t explain why he was feeling what he was feeling. The simplest tasks--moving, eating, conversing--took enormous amounts of effort and unless they were absolutely required, Tim avoided them altogether. He recalled one of these spells during his 2nd year at college. He and Sarah had broken up following what Tim felt was a misunderstanding and although they lived close to each other on campus they hadn’t seen each other or spoken in eight days. Of course he was sad about the breakup, but in hindsight the breakup could’ve been a direct result of the onset and worsening depression he was suffering at the time. As he withdrew from activities and people around him, Sarah got the impression Tim was hiding something or that his feelings for her had changed. What had changed, however, and what he was unable to explain, was not his feelings for her, but the perpetual feeling of dread that physically pained his stomach and crept up his throat, spreading throughout his body. It was the same feeling he had the evening and morning before going to a unbearable job in which he was unappreciated, underpaid, and uninspired. The difference, of course, was the dead-end job was his life and lasted all day everyday. If home is where the heart is, he felt a pervasive sense of homesickness. Where playful daydreams and fantasies of what his life could be (despite his acknowledgement of how realistically unlikely they were) occasionally danced around in his mind, they were replaced by toxic, self-loathing thoughts pouring in. He ruminated over his place in the world, whether he had ever, would ever, or even could contribute anything of value to the world or anyone he knew. He perseverated over thoughts that he was a burden to those around him. He forgot the feeling of feeling happy, the same way he often forgot the feeling of feeling well when he was physically sick. This lack of context left him hopeless that he would ever feel better. Sports sometimes implemented a mercy rule for games in which there was no reason to extend the humiliation and suffering of a team who had little to no hope of making up the difference in score. He often wished for a similar mercy rule in life. On the eighth day of Tim’s despair-ridden dormancy, he received an unexpected call from Sarah.


“Hello?” Tim answered the call laying in his bed.


“Hi.” Her voice was shaky, seemingly on the edge of calamity, like that of a toddler who had just tumbled to the ground. Asking what was wrong might reinforce the idea that indeed something was wrong and send the toddler into a gush of tearful wails. He couldn’t ignore the obvious, however.


“What’s wrong?” Tim sat up in bed.


“I just didn’t know who else to call, I’m sorry.” She couldn’t hold it anymore. Her breathy sobs were uneven.


“What is it? What happened?” 


“I was just… I was just walking around… I was just walking around and I was just mugged.”


“What?! Are you serious? Are you okay?”


“Yeah… I mean, I think. I just didn’t know who else to call.”


“No, it’s fine, I mean I’m glad you called, where are you?”


“I’m just got home. I had… I had to talk to the police and tell them what happened, but, but I’m home now.”


“I’m coming over. Just stay there.”


“No, you don’t have to do that… my parent’s are going to come over to stay with me… I just wanted to talk to you… I, I feel better already.”


“Of course, I’m coming over, your parents won’t be there for a few hours. I’ll be there in like ten minutes.”


Since then, Tim was especially careful to take time to leave the house at least once a day. Tim often thought how selfishly grateful he was for Sarah’s mugging. Had she not, things could’ve gotten much darker.
Tim walked down the street trying his best to fight off the relentless attacks of nostalgia. It was the time of year Tim and his friends would plan their annual Christmas party. Assignments were made by drawing names out of a hat. Two or three talks, two or three musical numbers, a couple of talent showcases or show and tells, and whatever else they wanted. Memorable acts from years past included Brent’s purposefully, completely misresearched talk on Bastille Day and its significance during the Christmas season, Carver’s strip tap dance to “Come All Ye Faithful” in which he removed articles of clothing without breaking a beat, and Max’s electronic rendition of “Blue Christmas”. The parties were typically hosted at Brent’s parents house who were surprisingly tolerable of the raucous, offensive event. Brent’s parents also hosted the impromptu ex-girlfriend party Tim and his friends threw, although Brent’s parents most likely didn’t know the exact premise of the party. Bored one weekend night, one of their friends thought it would be funny to invite over everyone’s ex-girlfriends over at the same time. To make things more awkward, they wrote sentences on pieces of paper, put them in a hat, and drew out three. Those were the only three sentences they were allowed to say until they switched with someone else. Tim was surprised at the success of the party. It seemed everyone was having fun. There were nearly 15 people there, which meant for the five of them, there were about two ex-girlfriends each. It was these kinds of ridiculous memories he found particularly, painfully wonderful.


Tim walked faster. 


“Hey there, Tim!”


Tim looked up, Daniel stood in the doorway waving at Tim. 


“Oh, hey! I didn’t even realize I was on this street, I guess I was lost in my thoughts.”


“‘The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking; it cannot be changed without changing our thinking.’” 


“Huh?”


“Oh nothing, just a quote from Albert Einstein. All the greats take long walks, Goethe, Beethoven, Dickens, I assume for the same reason you do--to sort out ideas, problems, or seek inspiration. Steve Jobs was notorious for taking long walks. So what ideas have you been brewing?”


“Oh, uh, nothing. I guess I’m just thinking about stuff.”


“Well, that’s good, too. Did you get to reading any of that book?”


“Yeah, I did, thanks again, I read some of the first chapter, then I fell asleep and have been a little distracted. Oh, I should tell you about this letter I found.”
“A letter?”


“Yeah, after I left your store, I went to the thrift store around the corner and bought an old coat that I thought was cool. Well, when I was trying it on I felt something stuck inside, it turned out to be an unopened love letter written in 1957.”


“Wow, that’s kind of unbelievable.”


“Hah, yeah. So, I’m going to try and track down the person who wrote it or the intended recipient if I can, or a family member.”


“Sounds fun. What have you found out so far?”


“Well, not much, I’m still trying to think of a good way to do it.”


Tim told Daniel about what he knew from the letter and what he had tried so far.


“You could try ancestry.com. I have been using it for a few months trying to learn more about my mom’s side of the family. She immigrated from Poland, where most of her family still lives and I know very little about them.”


“Yeah, great, I’ll try that when I get home.”


“No way, let’s do it now! I’m in, I’m hooked, let’s do this!”


“Haha, really?”


“Yes, I’m sure, let’s do this.”


Tim followed Daniel into the bookstore. 


“Have a seat.” Daniel motioned to a seat behind the counter. “So, tell me the name of the guy again.”


“Arthur Fillmore. A-R-T-H-U-R F-I-L-L-M-O-R-E.”


“And his, uncle? Was it is his uncle he went to work with?”


“Yep, Charles Fillmore.”


“Okay, I’m going to search for Charles with Arthur as a person with whom he was related just because we know Charles was living in Philadelphia, we are a little less sure what happened to Arthur. Oh, and I guess we can put in Pennsylvania as another filter.” 


Tim looked on as Daniel typed. To say he was a slow typist was understatement. It was as if the keyboard would mix itself up after each keystroke. Even if there were two of the same letter in a row, he’d press the first letter with a pointer finger, all of his other fingers stayed tucked under his thumbs, look up at the screen squinting with a cringe which almost seemed like he was disgusted in something, then after determining the letter had made it on to the screen, bowed his head again and searched for the same letter again as if it had moved. Even the space bar seemed to elude him at times. Tim enjoyed watching him. He could tell Daniel was excited about having a project, perhaps even more excited than Tim was. It was contagious. 


“Okay, let’s see what we have. A couple dozen records of Charles Fillmores. And a couple hundred partial matches which looks like that could mean no first name transcribed from the record, or maybe someone with a different first name, but had a Charles or Arthur as a relative, or variations on spelling. Umm, so where should we start?”


“Is there a way to sort the list of records by year or something. We are looking for stuff around 1957 when the letter was written. Click the year heading. Yeah. Look those three are from 1955 and that one is 1960. What are those records of?”


“It looks like this is a discharge record or something for Charles Fillmore. The next one is… is maybe a property record entry for a house sale. The deed of 120 Addison St. was signed over to Charles Fillmore. And this last one for is a marriage certificate for a Charles Fillmore marrying Mary Klipshner on December 7th, 1955. Big year for Mr. Fillmore. Left the US Army, bought a house, and got married.”


“Yeah, could be, are they all the same guy though? The first guy was born in 1930 making him 25 at the time of the record, the second two records are of a Charles Fillmore born in 1912 making him 43 at the time of the record. It’s just a guess, but between those two, the second guy seems more likely to be our guy, but because of the age. It would make more sense for him to be the uncle of an adult. What’s the 1960 record?”

“It looks like it’s a census record. Charles Fillmore, head, gender - male, age - 48, birthplace - Pennsylvania. Mary K Fillmore, wife, gender - female, age - 35, birthplace - Pennsylvania. Samantha Fillmore, daughter, gender - female, age - 3, birthplace - Pennsylvania. No mention of Arthur, but if he didn’t stay long he probably moved out before 1960.”


“Yeah, that still fits. Arthur wrote in the letter that he wasn’t planning on staying long. It sounded like it was more of a money situation, he just needed to get back on his feet and then he planned to return and find Judith.”


“Well, maybe we should look into this 120 Addison St. We could look up who lives there now, easily enough, right?”


“Yeah, I mean they’re probably in the white pages. I’ll look on my phone right now. “ Tim pulled out his phone. “It looks like someone named Troy Vanderbilt. Maybe we could look up property records? Those have always been public record, right?”


“Yeah, should be easy enough.”


“I bet the library would have those kinds of records. They might have newspapers from the day Charles and Mary were married. Did announcements like that go out in the papers back then?”


“I have no idea. Let’s check it out, I could use the walk.”


“You want to go now? What about your store?”


“Does it seem like anyone will miss me? I’ll just put the ‘out to lunch’ sign up. Let’s go.”


It was true, unfortunately, no one had come in the store either of the times Tim had been inside. 


“Huh, yeah, I guess I could go now. I’m not doing anything.”


“Great.”


Tim and Daniel started down the street. If this was the Oregon Trail game they were going at a “steady pace”, which probably makes it sounds faster than it actually was. Tim had to make a conscious effort to slow his pace to match Daniel’s leisurely amble. 


“So, what’s your story? Have you always lived in Philadelphia?” Tim had no problem walking in silence, but felt like Daniel had been waiting for him to ask him something.


“My story… hmm… I guess the short version is that my American father married my Polish mother in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. They weren’t Amish or anything, they just loved the area and lifestyle. I can’t disagree either. I was born there and lived there until I was 20. Things felt simpler there, safer. I don’t know if it is the area I live in now, having become an adult and tackle more difficult life problems, or living in a different time, but things outside of Lancaster County are harder. I go back and visit every once in awhile, but it’s hard to get a sense of what life is like during those visits. My parents are the same. Quirky, mild-mannered. I don’t really keep in contact with my friends I used to have there. We fell out of touch when I moved. I think there was a lot of misunderstanding between me and them and as time wore on it just seemed more and more of a foreign idea to reach out to them. I regret that now. But, I’ve made friends here and think I’m probably in Philly to stay. I opened the store in 1995, I think it was. So, five years after I got here. It was a pretty cheap lease and I got some help from the bank. It started out as a used book store, most of my inventory was old books people didn’t want anymore. And as the community got more involved, I started getting new books donated from local businesses. Now, it’s the mismash you see today. People don’t come in as much as they did. I still get the regulars that I’ve been seeing for 20 years, but I guess most other people get everything they need online or on their tablet or whatever. Print is a dying business. Nothing new, just strange to say it outloud sometimes. I’ll probably sell the store before too long. I haven’t had a month in the green for awhile.”


“Have you ever thought of just updating your store… or making it more relevant to today?”
“How do you suggest doing that? What would I my business be?”


“I don’t know exactly. I mean, if you wanted to keep the spirit of reading and learning alive you could try to add some amenities that would encourage people to come in and read. Maybe coffee and light food. Free internet, that’s important.”


“So, a coffee shop?”


“Hah, yeah, I guess that’s pretty much what I just described. But maybe you could still have books, make it like a ‘need a book, take a book; already read the book, leave a book’ type thing? I don’t know. Are there other things you enjoy? Could you convert it into something completely different.”


“I don’t know, I’m not sure I have the energy for that. Starting over sounds hard, I’ve done it once in my life and it was fun and exciting, but sad and scary, too. I think I’m too the point where I want to hang onto what I have.”


“What will you do if and when you sell the store?”


“I haven’t thought about it. It’s one of those things where you think if you don’t let it enter your consciousness it isn’t real or can’t affect you. I think it’s part of human nature to subconsciously protect yourself from pain or distress, even though in this situation it is only going to hit me like a ton of bricks if I don’t start planning for that day.”


“Yeah, I’m kind of winging it right now, and I could be doing a lot worse, but I definitely didn’t do myself any favors by not getting a job or an apartment lined up before I drove here. Not sure what I’ll do when my saves dries up.”


“You’ll figure it out.”


They arrived at the Free Library of Philadelphia. Though Tim had walked by the building before he hadn’t appreciated it’s magnificence. The building sat on the northwest corner of Logan Square, dominating the block with its many stone columns and carved stone. The inside was equally stunning.


“This is huge.” Tim said.


“It really is. I don’t even know where to start looking.”


“I guess let’s ask if they have genealogical records or old property records.” They walked up to the librarian desk. A bald man in a plaid button up looked up from his computer.


“Hi, guys, how can I help you?”


“We were wondering where we could find genealogical records and old city records, like property records and that kind of thing.”


“Yep, here, uh, let me just show you. It’s probably easier for me to just walk you there than try to explain where it is.” He got up behind the desk and walked around to meet them. “What is it you’re trying to find, if you don’t mind me asking?”


“Well, I found an old letter, from the 1950s and I’m trying to track down someone to give it to, the person or a family member of the person who wrote it or who it was meant for.”


“Really? That’s pretty interesting.”


The librarian asked more about where Tim found the letter and what it was about as he walked them through the library.


“Well, this is it, this is the reference section. So you’ll find city records down there on the left--that will include property records and census records, birth and death records, prison records, etc. Genealogical stuff, like family trees is a little trickier. A lot of that will be in census records, but you might be able to get a little more information from old yearbooks or county and municipal records. Anyway, it’s all in this area here.”


“Perfect, thanks” Tim thanked the librarian who smiled and walked back down the hall.


It had been awhile since Tim had been in library. He liked the pittering of fingers on keyboards, almost like rain on a tin roof. He liked the sound of pages turning, books closing, and footsteps that seemed relaxed with nowhere in particular to be. Quiet, respectful voices reverberated off the high ceilings and marble tiles and tingled his brain. Tim felt like he was part of a group despite not knowing anyone else in the library apart from Daniel. He felt like there was an understanding between the library patrons and a mutual sense of camaraderie that united their individual searches for knowledge and collective search for freedom.


 “Did you find anything over there, kid?” Daniel broke the silence after what had probably been an hour and a half. 


“Not really, I’ve been looking at these property records, but it isn’t anything we didn’t really know.”


“I think I may have something that is helpful. I have a census record showing that the Charles Fillmore we’ve been interested in is the right one, or very likely the right one. He has a brother listed here, Gerald Fillmore. Anyway, I was able to find Gerald’s family’s and he had a son named Arthur. So, we know that the Charles Fillmore who once lived at, what was it?”


“120 Addison?”


“Yeah, 120 Addison, Philadelphia. We know that that Charles Fillmore had a nephew named Arthur. That is a good lead.”


“Hell yeah! That is some good detective work there, Daniel. You want to keep looking around here or call it a night?”


“Let’s take a break, I’m not sure we can do much more here.”


The two left the library and parted ways with plans to meet up the next morning.


Tim walked home, with his mind swirling. He was already making plans for the next day, how to continue their search for Charles, Arthur, and Judith. It wasn’t quite adrenaline he felt, but it was close to it. His back hurt from bending over at the library, his feet from standing and walking around all day, and his head thumped dully, but be could feel his blood coursing through his body. He thought about the last time he had felt something akin to what he was feeling now. It was probably a few years ago. He and Sarah were in a good place in their relationship. They had moved in together and Tim felt like they had a definite future together. They co-ran the apartment, reserving Sundays as the designated day to clean up, on Fridays they’d take turns picking places to go out to eat at, and on Mondays they’d stay home and watch Netflix. They were on the 2nd season of Breaking Bad. Tim remembered the distinct feeling he had sitting on the couch on a Monday night eating pizza and watching Walter White become Heisenberg.


“Sarah, I knew I’d be happy with you, but I didn’t know I’d be this happy.”


“I know, it’s pretty great, right?” 


-


“Hi, I’ve been trying to find you for awhile now. You are the granddaughter of Arthur Fillmore, right?”


“Yeah… umm, who are you?”


“Oh, hi, I’m Tim. You don’t know me. I live in Philadelphia, but am originally from North Carolina.”


Tim was elated to finally be taking to someone who knew Arthur. It was like he was Publisher’s Clearing House and he had the pleasure of going up to a complete stranger and making their day. At least, that’s what it felt like to Tim, he hoped it would be received that way, although he also acknowledged it wasn’t money he was giving the person, merely a glimpse into their family history. He had found the granddaughter online and decided that he wanted to surprise her in person. He was now on the front steps of her apartment building, she had answered the door in slippers and pajamas. It was still morning. 


“Okay, hi, Tim. Can I help you?” She was clearly puzzled. Using her foot as a doorstop to hold the door open, she freed her hands to hug herself around her abdomen.


“Yeah, I…” Tim started in on why he was at her door early in the morning, but was interrupted by a plane flying nearby. The sound of its incoming grew louder and louder. The apartment building shook as if the earth below it were moving. Tim turned to look at the plane, it seemed to be flying much lower than it should.


“What? I couldn’t really hear you? Can I help you?” The girl shouted over the sound of the plane.


“Yeah, sorry. I came here…”


The plane roared closer and closer. Tim had been to New York City following 9/11 and had experienced an acute sense of panic and danger whenever a plane flew over the city. From a few miles away it was difficult to tell if the plane was gaining or losing altitude, if it was in front of or behind a skyscraper. He was constantly on guard. Everytime he heard a plane he was certain something terrible was going to happen. On the steps of this girl’s apartment, now, Tim was feeling that fear. It was the same fear he had experienced in the crowd at his first metal show. He was probably only 12. As the headlining band took the stage, the crowd condensed as people pushed to get closer to the stage. Tim was with his friends Brent and Carver and secretly panicking. “I think we should get out of here, this mosh pit is going to get crazy.” He tried to keep his cool as he spoke. Brent and Carver disagreed, so they stayed. The crowd continued to swell right along with his anxiety. He felt himself getting dizzy and disoriented. 


“I can’t hear you, can you speak louder?” The girl seemed less than interested in the plane. She leaned forward in the doorway with her arms still tucked around her body. Tim turned back to look at her.


“I just came to tell you…” Tim was yelling as loudly as he could.


“What?!”


The plane roared overhead. Tim thought it was no higher than a few hundred feet. 


“Why are you here?!” The girl continued shouting.


“I have this…”


Out of his periphery, Tim spotted the plane banking at what seemed to be a dangerously low height. The wing of the plane caught the ground and swung the plane down into the ground. It looked like the plane had just melted into the ground. Huge bursts of flames and smoke exploded into the air. Tim froze, he had taken crisis intervention, first aid, and emergency preparedness courses during his time as a boy scout, but he found himself rooted to the ground, unable to move. He tried to speak or yell, but the signals he was trying to send from his brain to his vocal chords never made it, or maybe his brain never sent the message.


“Are you going to tell me why you are here?!” The girl was seemingly unconcerned with the plane still.


Could she not see it? Was this a occurrence more regular than a stranger showing up at her door? Where were her priorities? 


Another explosion from the plane shook the building and the steps in which Tim stood. Flaming debris was rocketed in all directions and came crashing down on the buildings and cars around them. A piece of metal rushed towards Tim hitting him in the face. Everything went blank.


-


The jackhammering outside continued.


Tim woke. 


He checked his phone out of habit. A text message from Brent? That’s weird, he thought.


“Hey Tim. I know we haven’t spoke in a while, but I wanted to tell you before you heard it from someone else. Me and Sarah are dating. We didn’t do it to make you mad or anything, it just kind of happened. Text me?”


Tim read the text over. It hadn’t change. 


“Hah, nah. That’s funny though,” Tim thought. “Brent and Sarah? They’d never do that to me, kind of a mean joke to play on someone, especially given that I haven’t talked to either of them in a while. Really, weird joke, come to think of it. Defeat swept over him like the sea’s undertow. It was cold and powerful. What the hell, Brent? Really? You are going to swoop in while I’m out of picture in another and start dating my girlfriend of 10 years, or however long it’s been? I mean, you know we do this break up thing a lot, you know we are never actually done. Why would you do something so hurtful? And Sarah, I don’t believe this. I am literally am finding this impossible to believe. You and my best friend? You do know he is my best friend, right? You do remember that we’ve been friends since middle school? Did that ever enter you mind? I mean, how did this even happen? You must’ve always been into him, I mean you didn’t just suddenly realize how perfect for you he was in the last few weeks I’ve been gone, right? You were probably into him when we were still dating. And this whole time I thought I was doing something wrong, like I had let you down, but it was just that you were into Brent? Awesome, super awesome! No, seriously, that’s perfect. I mean, now Brent can give you everything I was never able to. He can just take over where I left off and fix everything. I guess it makes sense, he’s better than I ever will be. You deserve him. And Brent, you literally have the best girl in the world, so good for you. Good for you both, now you can stop pretending and just forget about me. I’ll just live my life out here in Philadelphia and you won’t ever have to see me again, or talk to me, or pretend like you care about me. Sure, it might be hard to forget about the last 13 years or more we have all known each other, but I’m sure with each other’s help you can make that happen without too much trouble. Yeah. I’ll just be out here. Just right here in bed.”


Tim started crying, his face felt hot, his throat knotted. He clutched his pillow, and plunged his face in. He thought about the time in Biology class when he had slipped a note ahead to Sarah, who sat in front of him, to turn around. When she turned around he picked up his formaldehyde-dripping frog and made it dance to him singing, “it’s a beautiful day in this science room, a beautiful day for a prom date, would you be mine, could you be mine, please won’t you be my prom date?”  It wasn’t spectacular, or well thought out, or even close to romantic, in fact it was pretty gross, but he had done it, and she laughed, and blushed, and said ‘yes’. A month they went to prom together. Tim had rented a tuxedo and bought a corsage of orange roses and blue daisies to match Sarah’s orange and blue summer dress. The dance itself was fun, but not terribly memorable. Tim, however, did remember the car ride home after the dance. 


“Thanks for a really fun night, Tim.”
“Thank you for coming with me, I had a lot of fun, too.”


They parked outside of Sarah’s house and stood leaning against the car talking. At some point Tim had noticed Sarah clutching her elbows.


“Are you cold, do you want my jacket?” Tim felt like he had been on point the whole night--getting doors, being respectful and fun and engaging, and remaining cognizant of Sarah’s wants or needs.


“No, I’m not cold.”


“Okay.”


Tim was confused. Either she was lying or something else was wrong. Why had she lied? Why did she not want to take his coat? Tim had played this night and conversation on repeat many times before, but with his face stuffed in his pillow, in his lonely Philadelphian apartment, it felt particularly telling of his relationship with her. Not that she constantly hid her feelings or lied to him, but that she didn’t need him. Maybe she never needed him. Maybe they only dated because she was too afraid of hurting him and now that Tim lived in a different state, she could finally move on and be with the people with whom she actually wanted, like Brent. Maybe that’s how all of his friends felt. Maybe Tim had forced relationships with each one of them. Despite their well-intentioned, kindness preventing them from telling him that their friendship was not as two-sided as Tim had thought, they had instead given Tim a decade and a half worth of nostalgia which was now rotting inside of him. 


He thought about the night Sarah’s brother, Kyle, had been killed. Tim had been working and didn’t get off until after 7pm. He drove straight to Brent’s parent’s house, which was typically their headquarters. Cell phones were still somewhat of a rarity so they tended to forego phone calls altogether and just meet up after school or work at their headquarters. Tim walked in the house and down to the basement. Sarah, Brent, Carver, and a couple other of Tim’s good friends were there already. Tim knew something wasn’t quite right as he reached the last step. The room was quiet for the most part, a couple of computers whirring along the wall and a few people clearing their throats, but it felt like it was filled with static, like the way an old TV sounds when left on a blank station and the audio blaring. As he stepped into the room his stomach churned slightly and his body felt hyper-alert like he was entering fight or flight mode.


“Hey, guys. What’s up?”


A couple of them turned to look up at Tim. The room was dark, lit only by the big screen television flickering blues and greens onto the wall as Fight Club played muted in the background, but Tim could see some red eyes. Brent stood up and walked over to Tim.


“Uhh… Look… Kyle had an accident.” Brent struggled to speak evenly. Tim looked past Brent at Sarah as she dropped her head into her hands shuddering. “He didn’t make it. He’s gone.” Tim ‘s periphery went dark. He felt his body move without him telling it to and, dropping to his knees, wrapped Sarah up in his arms. She was wearing the white hoody he had given her for the previous Christmas. He hoped he could somehow leech some of the pain she was undoubtedly feeling by hugging her, the way a full battery can recharge a depleted battery until they are both at the same level. He hoped she would find some comfort in his hug, in his presence, in his scent in the same way he took comfort in her touch, presence, and scent whenever he was distraught. He combed her hair with his fingers and pressed his lips to her head. She smelled like coconut. It was her favorite smell and had become one of Tim’s surest consolations. During breakups he’d often sleep with her pillow under his head just so he could smell her. Her scent, coconut, had become transportative for him in the same way hearing a song could transport someone back to a specific memory. It was like helium or hydrogen filling him up and giving him a sense of levity. She finally spoke through her sobs.


“I… I .. I was… I was suppose to be with him… tonight. We had plans… but… but I canceled them.” She melted into the lovesac again.
“No, no, no, no, no. This is not your fault. This is not your fault! You can’t blame yourself! This is not your fault! I’m so sorry!”


Tim and his friends repeated words of consolations for hours. It was all they could think of to do.


Though Tim had never brought it up with Sarah or Brent or Carver or anyone else that was in that basement that night, he had been bothered ever since by what he wished was an a simple oversight. He didn’t want to make a scene or take the focus off the tragedy that occurred, but he constantly questioned why Sarah hadn’t called him first or at all or why none of his friends had alerted him to what had happened while he was at work. Maybe it was because he was so desperately in love with Sarah, and he was able to sympathize with the grief she must have been going through, and how she was probably not thinking of anything other than what had happened and the misplaced guilt she was assigning to herself, but Tim had more trouble excuse his friends’ lack of judgement. No one had called Tim up to let him know. Did they think he didn’t want to be bothered with such trivial matters while at his place of business? There was no reason of which Tim was able to come up to reasonably explain his friends lack of common sense.


-


Now after having read the text message from Brent, Tim was certain these had been signs all along. Signs of his unimportance, insignificance, and inattention. Tim felt stupid, he felt played, and what was worst was the feeling of loneliness now gnawing and howling inside. Any lingering sense of hope he had that things might be repaired with his friends in Statesville was gone, shredded into a nauseating pulp now taking residence in his gut. 


The following weeks blurred together. No longer following the socially acceptable pattern of waking at or around dawn and going to bed at or around dusk, he slipped in and out of fitful sleep and painful waking moments throughout the day and night. The felt little to nothing. The devastating pain which had stricken him, giving him the sense he was imploding, after reading the message had subsided into a constant mental nagging. He wondered if his mind had purposefully disconnected from his body as some sort of defense mechanism to spare himself the suffering while he neared death in the same way adrenaline is released to get people through traumatic physical pain. His muscles and joints ached, but he didn’t care. He hadn’t eaten anything of substance in over three days, but he didn’t care. He looked like a different person, sullen, sunken, and sulky, almost the way he’d expect a zombie to look, but he didn’t care. His apathy for what happened to himself or anyone else was only surpassed by his feeling of cataclysmic loneliness. But even that feeling was tempered with apathy. He didn’t care that he was alone, this was his lot, he was destined to live out the rest of his days on earth in a state of isolation. Tim read the text from Brent again. It still hadn’t changed. Without thinking, Tim flung his arm out to his side, like he was throwing a frisbee, and let go of his phone. As the screen shattered, the back cover popped off and the battery flew across the room. He stayed in bed. He typically didn’t get any calls or texts since having moved to Philly, but as he was wallowing in self-loathing he decided this act might reinforce the distance and loneliness he believed he deserved to feel. It was his way of putting his stamp of approval on the world’s plot to destroy him, to crush his soul. The world didn’t want to see him fall, it wanted to see him fail and he was prepared to oblige. 


Beyond Tim’s bed, room, apartment, the world could’ve been crumbling, earthquakes could’ve been splitting wide chasms in the earth with gushing explosions of magma, or the rivers could’ve turned to drinking chocolate flowing through the city streets past gingerbread houses. Tim didn’t know, nor did he care.


-


Tim woke to pounding. He pulled the sides of his pillow over his ears and rolled on to his side. The pounding continued, but it changed in pattern. The jackhammer was consistent and pounded at a specific beats per minute. This pounding was more rhythmic, like it was human made; maybe music? 


“Hey! Hugh argh yuh err thr!” Muffled shouts made their way through his pillow.


“Maybe there’s a fire, perfect. That’s just perfect, it’s like the universe was listening and is now answering my plea. Maybe not the way I would prefer to go, but it’ll do, at this point anything would feel better than this,” Tim thought. 


“Hgh! Mm cmngn!” 


“I hope they give themselves enough time to get out, I’m not going anywhere.”
The shouting continued and got louder and cleared.


“Tim, are you in here? It’s your landlord, Frank.”


Tim pulled the pillow off his head and raised his head. Frank was in his apartment.


“Oh thank you Jesus, you’re alive!”


“Hmm?” Tim mumbled.


“You’re parents have been trying to reach you for days, they called me freaking out that you were in trouble. I came over here fully expecting to find a corpse! Ugh, I’m so relieved!”


Tim paused at the irony in Frank’s use of the word ‘corpse’. 


“I’m fine. Could you leave me?”


“No, no, no. It’s not going to happen like that. You need to do a couple of things for first.”


“Ugh.” Tim tried to sound as annoyed as possible, but given that he was mumbling with no expression, the emotion was lost on Frank.


“First you gotta get up! Get up, get up, get up! We’re going to get some food and coffee! Believe me, I’ve seen this before, only after it was too late. A tenant in another one of my buildings, not going to happen again. Come on get going! I’m not leaving.”


“Come back in 20 minutes?”


“No way Jose Canseco! You gotta get up and get going now! I’ll just wait right here. Here, I’ll turn around to let you get up and dressed if you aren’t already.”


Tim hesitated, his head pounded with apathy. He sat up and pulled the covers off his body. He was shivering. Everything hurt. 


“Okay, I guess if we’re doing this, I guess I’m ready.” Tim stood up and slipped on a pair of sandals.


“Hmm… I, uh, I’m not going to lie. You look terrible. We can worry about that later though. Let’s go eat. You mind if I open a window for a little while? I think it might help.”


“I don’t care.”


“Grab your coat, it’s a little chilly.”
“I don’t care.”


“Okay. Well, I’ll grab it for you just in case you change your mind.”


“Fine."


Frank grabbed Tim’s coat and led the way out into the hallway. Tim felt like he was 80 years old as he limped and shivered following Frank out of the apartment. 


“So what’s up? Not feeling well?” Frank spoke without reticence. He either didn’t care that he could possibly offend Tim by asking about personal matters or he was not aware that he was asking about personal matters. This was new to Tim who was accustomed to his family being relatively quiet people, not afraid to talk about difficult things, but would rather just endure the struggle than burden others with it.


“I’m fine,” Tim spoke stubbornly and abruptly though he secretly hoped Frank kept prodding.


“Fine, huh? I thought I was fine, I guess I’m the weird one.” Frank laughed. 


Tim was surprised he wasn’t bothered by Frank. Historically, whenever Tim felt this permeating sense of numbness, he just wanted to be left alone and the more he was subjected to listening to people talk, the more irritable and hate-filled he became. Perhaps he felt differently because Frank wasn’t shying away from conversation, he wasn’t treating Tim like he was a horribly disfigured burn victim, and he wasn’t trying to give Tim advice or talk Tim out of being depressed. 


“Why don’t you just pull yourself up by your bootstraps? Lose yourself in something you enjoy! Just try not to think about it! Remember, no matter how bad you think you have it, there’s always someone else who has it worse!”


These were actually pieces of advice people had given to tim throughout his bouts of depression. Just snap out of it… As if snapping out of depression was as easy as getting dressed in the morning or going about his day and just really concentrating on what he loved anyway. Not only did this imply that Tim knew what was causing him to feel lonely, hopeless, tired, and generally awful (which in the past was not always the case) and he could simply just chose to not think about that thing, but it also implied he had the energy to do things and that he’d enjoy or find interest in those things he used to (which was certainly not true depression). Simple enough, right? Or the idea that because other people had it worse than he did he shouldn’t be allowed to feel apathetic, uninterested, broken, and generally terrible, which, using the same logic, meant that happy people shouldn’t be allowed to be happy because there were other people in the world who had it better than them or were more happy than they were. 


Tim didn’t respond to Frank. 


“Huh, so you just been laying in bed for the last couple of weeks being fine and stuff? That’s cool. Maybe we could like get together sometime and just be fine, or whatever, what do you say, man?”


Come on, keep prodding, one more time, Tim thought.


“You’re just one of those guys who doesn’t shower or eat ever and only subsists on sleep. What were those people called who believed they just needed sunlight to survive, no food or water? Oh yeah, crazy. That’s what they are called. Except at least they believed it was a good idea to get some sun.” Frank laughed again. “I guess that makes you worse than crazy.”


“I guess so.” Tim was shivering, it was probably in the mid to high 40s, Tim was freezing. 


“Ah, he speaks. We were all wondering if you had any primitive language skills. We see now that despite your barbaric appearance you have developed a level of intelligence far surpassing that of your primate relatives.” He paused for Tim’s reaction, which was nothing. He continued, “Anyway, you know, I tried to kill myself one time. Yep, yep, can you believe that? I think I was 20 or so. I was in college. Everyone gets those freshman blues in college, right? No one likes to talk about them. I get that. It’s a weird thing to talk about. Why are we here, what’s life’s purpose, why does any of this matter? At the time it seemed like life was just pain, just a long, drawn out death sentence. Like being crushed to death just at a rate of one crushing per lifetime. That’s not fun, why would anyone want to do that their whole life? It seemed like a rational decision I had come to. Of course there were other factors going on, friends, family, bullies, those kinds of things, but it really just came down to whether I wanted to end the pain or keep enduring it. Haha, man, my world was so black and white back then. You know how people talk about how selfish it is of a person to commit suicide? That’s true I suppose, people are unavoidably intertwined with others in inexplicable ways and a suicide doesn’t really give those people a chance to voice their opinion on the decision the person committing suicide is making, which hopefully for most people that opinion would be a resounding “don’t do it,” but think of how one-sided that is, too. Is it not selfish for people to want you to carry on with something that has progressed past the point of meaningless into the realm of painful and torturous? Believe me, I’m not an advocate for suicide, I’m actually on the side of it being a fairly selfish act, but I just don’t think people really understand what is going on in the mind of those struggling. Anyway, I didn’t really talk about what was going on with me with anyone, didn’t want anyone to try to talk me out of it or change my mind, I think I just wanted a clean break. Anyway, I was getting ready to do it one night, you know? Walking to the spot where I had planned to do it. I was going to jump off a bridge onto the freeway. Terrible, I know. Anyway I’m walking there and I’m feeling pretty confident in my decision, like, ‘yeah, I can’t wait to get this over with, I’ll be free!’ So I’m climbing up the guard railing, the fence, and I get to the point where I’m ready to do it and a thought enters my mind. What if it does get better? ‘Oh shit!’ I said that, I actually said it outloud. Oh shit is right. What if it gets better or better than better, what if it gets great? I’ll never know if I do this, but there’s always a possibility if things could change if I don’t do it. Does that make any sense? I mean, no one can guarantee it’s going to get any better. People that say that are lying to themselves and you or they actually believe it they just have never been where you’ve been. It may not get better. Who knows? I don’t know what the hell your life is like. But, for some reason, the thought that things could change, however the unlikely the possibility, real or imagined, that felt like hope, I guess. Or it felt like enough reason to wait and see. So, yep. You’re doomed, kid” He laughed again and looked over at Tim with a sideways smile and shrugged. “You’re going to need therapy after meeting me, you’re doomed!”


Tim thought about Frank’s soliloquy while Frank continued to talk about why he liked Philadelphia, which had something to do with it being a good mix of a big and little city… a medium city, Frank concluded. Tim was feeling something akin to appreciation for Frank. No one had ever spoken with such unfettered honesty to him about depression and suicide. Frank’s speech was real and felt hopeful to Tim despite being nearly void of hopeful sentiment. It also wasn’t trite, contrived, condescending, or diminishing of what he was feeling. Sure, Frank would probably lose his license if he were a therapy and gave that speech to someone who was suicidal, especially if that patient went through with the act, but for Tim, in that moment, it was what he needed to hear.


They walked another couple blocks to a cafe close to Tim’s apartment. 


“This place serves the best eggs benedict in the city, you can thank me later.” Frank went on to order for the both of them. Two coffees, two orange juices, and two eggs benedict. 


“So what do you do?” Frank asked as if he were asking an old friend what he had done that day. It made it difficult for Tim to ignore. Frank made it easier for Tim to feel comfortable speaking, he was able to break down the barrier that depression often created between Tim and other people. 


“Uh, nothing.”


“Nothing, huh, that’s cool. How long have you been doing nothing?” Frank was unphased.


“Uh, I guess a couple months.”


“Nice. So, what does the average day in the life of a person who is doing nothing look like?”


“Huh?”


“You know, what does a person who is doing nothing do?”


“I guess you saw it.”


“Hmm, fascinating. So what’s your story? I mean, I know you’re from North Carolina, your parents made that clear on the phone, they would’ve been up here otherwise. They do send their love, though. You alone here? Chasing a girl? School? Work? What makes Tim tick?” Frank leaned forward propping his chin up in the heels of both hands, jokingly. 




“Yeah, I guess I just wanted a change. I’m here alone, definitely not chasing a girl, more like giving a girl the freedom she apparently wanted all along. No school, no work, no friends, just your average, run of the mill slightly past quarter life crisis. Nothing too out of the ordinary.”


Frank smiled. “Ahh, yes! The old quarter life crisis. Happens to the best of us. So how were you going to do it?”


“Do what?”


“End it. Close the book. Exit this life. How were you going to do it?”


Coming from any other person in any other context this question would’ve felt terribly crass, and, though it still was, because given that Frank had, in his own life, been moments away from actually doing it Tim would give him a pass. Frank spoke in the same way substance use counsellors spoke to people struggling with substance use disorders. If it was obvious their client had used, instead of asking, “did you use?” They’d ask, “how much did you use?” This was meaningful in a couple of ways. It moved past the part of the conversation where the client might be compelled to lie. If your employment, housing, relationships, and enrollment in treatment rely on you being sober, of course you are going to lie. This approach of starting the conversation with the information that the client has used already out in the open gives the client permission to be honest without the fear of the counsellor freaking out, judging them, or kicking them out of treatment. It says, “I know you used, that’s okay, let’s talk about it and figure out a plan.”


“I never got that far. I didn’t plan anything out.” Tim responded.


“Oh, well, good. So what do you want to do? For work?” Frank changed the subject. Tim felt like he couldn’t keep up. The freedom with which Frank spoke was a relief. It was so nice to not have to be constricted to social norms or follow appropriate patterns of conversation. Frank seemed to do and say what he wanted at the moment he wanted to do and say them.


“Well, I’ve been trying to get something going working as a computer programmer. I don’t have a lot of experience doing it professionally, but I studied it at school and have been doing some stuff on my own since. Some freelance work every now and again.”


“Nice, that’s definitely a need just about every company has these days. Getting online, making apps, etc. You’ll get something. Just keep doing what you’ve been doing. Er, wait, no, that probably won’t work. Keep doing the opposite of what you were doing. So, keep doing something, I guess.”


Tim faked a smile. “So what do you do? Are you on full-time suicide watch for the city or something?”


“I own a few properties and besides that I’m retired. So, I do a lot of nothing, too. I used to be a lawyer, but that got boring, so I stopped. Now, I’m free to do whatever I want to do, so yeah, a lot of nothing. So you and me, we’re a lot alike. Well, I mean, I prefer to bathe, go outside, and eat, and talk to people, but other than that… you and me, we’re a lot alike.” 


The food arrived. Tim pushed his food around with his fork as Frank started in. 


“Eat your food, you damn dummy!” Frank said playfully. He insulted Tim with such endearment, Tim couldn’t help feel like Frank actually cared. 


The two ate their eggs benedict. Frank spent most of the meal babbling about his time as a lawyer, which consisted mostly of family law--”divorces, custody battles, mediation, generally just real ugly stuff. You’ve never seen how terrible people can be to each other until someone serves them divorce papers. Believe me, you’re doomed if you get married, you’re doomed if you don’t.” Frank filled the space and time with strings of stories and personal disclosures effectively distracting Tim and giving him plenty of time to finish eating.


“Okay, now the other thing you gotta do for me.” Frank said as he wiped his mouth with his napkin. “You need to call your parents. They might renege giving you an inheritance or take you off their life insurance policies as the beneficiary--I know these things, I have a kid and every time they do something stupid, believe me, I reconsider giving them any money. But I took a solemn and sacred oath as a landlord,” Frank bowed his head and crossed his hand over his heart, “that I would always make my tenant call their parents when that tenant was depressed in his or her room for multiple days causing the parents to freak out and blow up my phone. I don’t intend to break that oath today.” He removed his hand from his heart and looked up.


“Hah, yeah, I’m not too worried about that, I don’t think there is any inheritance coming my way regardless of how many life crises I have. I’ll call them, but I’m going to have to borrow your phone? Mine is at my apartment, in pieces.”


“Here you go. In case you don’t know the number it should be the last 5 entries in the call history. So, yeah.”


Tim called his parents who were happy to hear from him. His mother was mostly silent, sniffling occasionally, but repeated a number of times that he should feel like he could come home anytime he wanted. Tim’s father gave him updates on what was going on with his brother, relatives, the how the University of North Carolina’s football team was playing.


“Tim did well on his midterms a couple of weeks ago, I guess he’s probably going to have to start getting ready for finals pretty soon. School was kind of like that for you, too, right? Just kind of nonstop. I guess it’s a good way to prepare kids for the real world.”


“Yeah, I guess so.” 


As boring as the conversation was, Tim appreciated it. He knew because his parents avoided talking about what was bothering him that it would be an awkward conversation to have with them and for that reason he was fine not having it. Not only that, but the tedium in the conversation was somewhat of a sanity check. He was reminded that the world was not crumbling around him, in fact, things were just about the same as they had always been. Nothing catastrophic on a global, continental, or even local level had changed. And given that the world had been through catastrophic events, why should he not be able to get through an event that was relatively unimportant. 


“So what ever happened to that letter you found? Any conclusion or updates?” His father asked.


“Uh, let’s see. I guess I never told you about going to the library. So, I went to the library with Daniel. Daniel is the owner of a bookstore close to my house and he’s been helping me a little trying to get to the bottom of the letter. Anyway, we went to the Free Library of Philadelphia some time ago. I didn’t turn much up, but Daniel was able to kind of confirm that the Charles Fillmore we’d found online was the uncle of Arthur Fillmore from the letter who Arthur went to live with. Oh, yeah, we found a few Charles Fillmore’s from Philadelphia on a genealogy site, but only one seemed like he could be the right one from the letter. Then we went to the library and found out that the Charles Fillmore we suspected had a brother who had a son named Arthur. So, so far so good, I guess.”


“Hmm. That’s interesting. What do you think you’ll do next?”


“Um. I don’t really know. I haven’t seen Daniel in a while, maybe he has some ideas. Oh, we also found a property record for Charles, so we have an address. I guess that could lead to something. I don’t know.”


“Well, keep us updated on that. I’m curious to know what happens.”


“Yep, me too.


The conversation went on for another few minutes before Tim told his parents he had to go, he didn’t want to keep Frank from whatever he had planned for the day. 


“So, now that’s out of the way, what are we doing?” Frank took his phone back from Tim.


“Huh?” 


“I said, ‘What. Are. We. Doing?’” He enunciated each word, exaggerating his mouth movements. “As in, what are we going to do now. Now that we’ve eaten, you’ve called your parents, that checks everything off my list for the day. What are we doing now? Actually, I know what is next. You need to shower and get dressed. Then we are going to get cracking on that mystery letter. I was trying not to eavesdrop, but then you dialed the number and started talking and then I really wasn’t trying to not eavesdrop and I heard you telling your parents about doing some genealogy and then going to the Free Library and about Charles Fillmore and Arthur Fillmore and some house. So, after you get showered and changed, why don’t we head down to meet Daniel, was that his name, Daniel? We’ll meet Daniel and go check out that house. Done deal. Great.”


Tim’s mind and body cried out, “take us home, let us sleep.”


“I, uh, I mean, I guess we could do that. I’m really tired and all…” Tim searched for an out while remaining amenable. He was cursed with being incredibly agreeable.


“You’ve been sleeping for days on end, right? You’re like a bear coming out of hibernation and you want to go back in the cave? No, no. We’re doing this. I told you kid, you’re going to need therapy after me, you’re doomed! So, let’s do this, you go home, do what you got to do. I’m going to take care of something really quickly and I’ll be back at your apartment in an hour. Does that work for you?”


“Um, yeah, I mean I guess.”


“You guess… pff… You’re going to have no doubt in your mind after we’re done today. You’re going to quit guessing and start knowing. Okay, I better go before I say more embarrassing things.” Frank grabbed the ends of his coat as if he were going to be zipping the zipper, but instead spun around on his heels like a caped evil villain and trotted away. “You’ve got one hour!” He shouted back at Tim.


Following Frank’s orders, Tim returned home and cleaned up.


-


North Carolina was beautiful this time of year. With the onset of colder weather, autumn was blooming into damp, chill, clear mornings. And as the days shortened, photosynthesis slowed and ceased. The chlorophyll drained from the leaves in the Smoky Mountains’ thickly shrouded woods. Maples’ boast brilliant reds. Oak trees flood the forests and canvas backwoods trails with sharp yellows and oranges. When Tim was younger, still in Statesville, he frequently wandered alone through the thick woods surrounding his home. In the woods he was a VIP, making the rules and deciding his own and everyone else’s fate. The trees rolled out the red carpet as he pioneered new trails to hidden forts made from overturned trees. On one of these occasions while Tim was swinging a stick around bravely like a knight of the round table, fighting off ‘bad guys’ to defend the king, he came across something peculiar. It was the sound which had drawn Tim towards the mound of black hair. It sounded like a bunch of dog squeaky toys being stepped on repeatedly. 


“Ah! Ah! Ah!” The sounds were incessant. 


As Tim approached the mound, with his stick held in front of him as if he were squaring off one on one with a knight of an opposing faction, he could see hair moving. It was a kitten. Tim knelt down to the kitten who was stumbling around and held his hand in front of the kitten’s face. The kitten bleated soft, painful meows as Tim tickled around its head. 


“Where are your parent’s? Huh? Are you lost?” Tim looked around, but it was just he and cat. “Are you hungry? I bet you are hungry! And thirsty!” Tim scooped the kitten up gently and slid it into the front pocket on his hoody. He ran out of the woods to his home with the kitten crying gently the whole way. Once home he filled a cup with milk for the kitten, grabbed a towel, and some crackers for himself. He bolted out of the house again and into the woods just slightly past where his yard ended and the trees and shrubs began. The kitten shivered as he pulled it out of his sweatshirt and laid it in the towel he brought with him. 


“Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!”


“Shhh. Shhh. Here you go, drink this!” Tim dipped his finger in the glass of milk and held it in front of the kitten. The kitten licked the tip of his finger, it’s scratchy tongue made Tim laugh. He repeated dipping his finger in the milk and holding it out for the kitten to drink all the while petting its tiny shivering body. Tim was probably eight years old and it was the first time he had a pet. He kept the kitten in the shed at the edge of the yard, bringing it milk daily. 


-


Pounding at the front door shattered his daydream. 


“Tim! Tim! Tim! Quick, help me!” Tim heard screaming at his front door. He ran to the door and opened it. Frank stood there leaning against the wall and looking at his shoes.


“What the hell? You scared me! What is going on?!”


“Oh, nothing, I just wanted to make sure you didn’t try to ignore me again. Anyway, your time is up, it’s been one hour. Are you ready? Let’s do this! Let’s go Sherlock Holmes this things! That’s a thing, right? Sherlock Holmesing stuff? He solved mysteries, right? Anyway, we gotta go, gotta get this mystery solved.”


“Yeah, yep, I’m coming, I’m right behind you.”
The two walked down to Oliver T’s bookstore.


“Daniel, this is Frank, he’s my landlord. He thinks he’s Sherlock Holmes. Frank, this is Daniel, he owns this bookstore and has been helping me with the letter.” Tim introduced the two.


“Nice to meet you, Frank.” Daniel extended his arm and shook Frank’s hand. “Uh, Tim, where have you been? I haven’t seen you since the library, that was like three weeks ago or something. I didn’t know what to do or how to get a hold of you.”


“Oh, yeah, he’s just been sleeping,” Frank interjected. “You know… how people sometimes sleep for three weeks straight. Just your run of the mill nap session.”


“No, sorry, I’m fine, Daniel, just wasn’t able to come by.” Frank smiled as Tim spoke, but said nothing.


“Oh, well, okay. I was just worried. I’m glad you are fine.”


“So, should we go see this house?” The excitement in Frank’s voice was obvious and Daniel perked up.


“Is he talking about the house I think he’s talking about?” Daniel said with cautious eagerness. 


“120 Addison St. Either of you weirdos know where it is? Is it far? Can we walk?” Tim had the sense that he was stuck with these two men. Though neither were the type of person Tim had envisioned making friends with before he moved, he felt a sense of camaraderie with both of them which was taking place of some of the homesick, loneliness still consuming his being. Both Daniel and Frank were strange, but strange in very different ways. If Tim were to label them, Daniel would be your typical bookworm. He was studious, meek, and relaxed. Frank, on the other hand, was probably a class clown when he was in school. The filter between the language center of the brain and his mouth seemed to be broken or disabled, or maybe he was not born with one. He spoke with blunt honesty, but it was hard to take offense to anything Frank said. Though most of what came out of his mouth was in jest, he had a way of transmitting good vibes to the listening. Tim felt very safe in Frank’s presence. Nothing was off limits, but there was also no judgement, just love. 


“Let’s see, 120 Addison, that’s like West Philadelphia, right? I have a building that’s in West Philadelphia, I think I’ve driven past Addison.”


“It’s Garden Court, but yes, that direction. We’ll probably want to drive or bus or something, that’d be a pretty far. I only know because I looked it up, it’s not a very long street. Anyway, my car is just down the street. We can take that. Are we going now? I would just have to lock up really quickly.” Daniel jabbed his hand into his pocket and pulled out his keys and stepped towards his store.


“Wait, what time is it, even? Is it likely that we’ll even find someone there. I mean people work and stuff. I guess only one out of the three of us, and Daniel, I’m not sure I’d call what you do ‘work’, especially since you seem to be able to leave whenever you want, but other people. People who aren’t us, they work. I think. You two are actually the only people I know in Philadelphia. I guess it’s possible that no one works here.”


“Hah. Yeah, I guess we aren’t a really good sample of the Philadelphian population. But, it is Saturday, so regardless of the time, we probably have a little bit better of a chance of finding someone there. Let’s go see! Let’s do this!” Frank threw uppercuts into the air as he shouted. Tim couldn’t get a good read on Frank’s age. He acted young. He was rambunctious and seemingly elastic, bouncing and bobbing, throwing limbs around. But, he was also a retired lawyer with at least one “kid”, and was undoubtedly insightful and wise.


“Yep, I’ll lock up!” Daniel didn’t hesitate. 


“Okay, I guess we’re doing this,” Tim conceded.


They walked down the street to Daniel’s car, Frank and Daniel asked cordial questions about what the other person did, where they were from, and how long they’d been in Philadelphia. It turned out they had an acquaintance in common. One of Frank’s old clients had remarried one of Daniel’s good friends. They both agreed the person was not a pleasant person and they would not speak of her again.


“Here we are. The love of my life, my 1977 Chevy Impala. The interior is fading and falling apart, the exterior isn’t much better--don’t mind the rust--but she still gets me around town 20 years after buying her. You’ll have to climb in the back from the front, Tim, the back doors don’t open.”


“Why do I have to sit in the back? I found the letter,” Tim joked. 


“No, you’ve been relegated. It’s an age thing, sorry. There are no laws against agism when riding in someone’s personal vehicle. Maybe one day.” Frank laughed.


Daniel turned the key. The car coughed to life. Paul Simon’s voice seeped into the car. It was a bootleg version featuring James Taylor. 


“Hey Tim, this could be your theme song! But, really, it could be just about anyone’s theme song. You’re not alone. You’ll look back at your time in Philly, years from now and probably think about how sane you actually were. Life is crazy, man. Everyone is crazy. Everyone is just trying to figure it out, most people are doing their best and feel crazy at some point. I’m still crazy after all of these years. I’m certainly not getting any less crazy. Are you, Daniel?”


“I don’t think so,” Daniel smiled.


“Who said that I was crazy? I never said that. I said I was fine!” Tim laughed. 


The three drove across town to 120 Addison St and parked outside the house. It was a skinny row house, distinguishable only from the others on the street by the coat of pink paint sloppily splashed over the vinyl. 


“Okay, we need a game plan. Tim, you go to the front door and knock or ring the doorbell or shout. Whatever you’re comfortable with. Daniel, you sneak around the back and enter the rear entrance while Tim has whoever comes to the front door occupied. I’ll keep watch out here and start singing, “Rich Girl” by Hall & Oates as loudly as I can if someone is coming. If that happens, drop what you are doing and evacuate back to the car.”


“What did you tell him we were doing here, Tim?”


“I’m joking, Daniel, but I’m really not. Get in and get out. Plant the bomb and get the hell out of there! The nation is depending on us!”


“Cool, so are we all going to the door or is that too intimidating? Ah, who am I kidding, we are probably the least intimidating guys in the world.”


Tim climbed over the seat and followed Frank and Daniel up the sidewalk to the house. Tim was reminded of the night he, Brent, and Carver drove 50 miles to meet a stranger Brent had met on the internet. They were barely 17 and with the rise of Myspace had been branching outside of their school to meet new people. The week prior, a girl Carver had met on Myspace hung out with their group of friends in the basement of Brent’s house. They played video games and went swimming. Since Tim, Brent, and Carver had driven to this new girl’s house this time, they expected she’d provide the entertainment, or at least offer up things they could do as they were unfamiliar with the area. When they arrived at the girl’s house, the girl came out to greet them in the front lawn. 


“Hey, so should we go?” The girl said putting on her coat.


“Go where? We just go here.” Brent asked.


“Oh, I thought we could go out somewhere. My parents are home, we can’t stay here. They would kill me if I had three guys in their house.”


“Hmm. Okay. Where should we go?”


“Doesn’t matter, let’s go to your house.” 


“Uh, no, we just drove 50 miles to come here, we’re not going straight back to hang out and then have to drive back up here to drop you off again. That doesn’t make any sense.”


“Fine. I don’t care. You guys pick.”


“Okay, whatever.”


They drove around for awhile looking for something to do. The girl sat in the back completely preoccupied with something on her phone. After about 15 minutes Carver pretended he was getting a phone call from his mom.


“Guys, we got to go back. My mom is freaking out. She just called and said if I wasn’t home in 20 minutes she would take the car away. Sorry.”


They dropped the girl back off at her house and laughed at how terrible of an idea it had been to come up there. 


“Next time we do something like that, we are making the girl come to us, or we are making sure they have Halo at their house. That was terrible.”


-
“I think this is the part where you knock or ring the doorbell, kid.” Frank poked Tim.


The screen door squealled as Tim opened it to knock on the door. Thump. Thump. Thump. 


“What are you a police officer? That was so grim? Add a little rhythm, some song. You know?” Frank added a couple of beats to the end of Tim’s knock. “It’s not so hard.”


They waited. The door opened. A woman who looked to be in her 30s with a baby held in her right arm and propped up on her hip opened the door. 


“Hi,” she pivoted back and forth on the balls of her feet rocking the baby back and forth slightly. 


“Hi, how are you? I’m Tim.” Tim extended his hand forward, but retracted it after he realized one of the woman’s hands was holding the baby and the other was holding the screen door open.


“Uh, hi, Suh-man-thu.” She smiled. She spoke with a sharp New York accent


“This might be a weird question, but we are trying to find someone who knows a Charles Fillmore. Do you know him, or maybe Arthur Fillmore?”


“No-wu. That name don’t soun fah-mil-yar at oull. Whya did ya think I would know ‘em?”


“Well, he lived here at one point. In the 50s and 60s possibly. We don’t know much else about him, I just have something that belongs to his nephew, Arthur.”


“Hmm… yuh I dun know what ta saya, I moved in a coupla months ago, I’m just renting, so I dun know.”


“Oh, you’re renting? Do you happen to have contact information for your landlord that we could have?


“No, my boyfrien has all that information. I think tha guy’s name isa Garey or sumfing. Garey Leichester, I tink.”


“Gary Leichester. Perfect, thank you! I think we can work with that.”


The trio thanked the woman and walked back to the car. 


“I should be able to look that guy up. There is a like a master list of property owners… like a screen actors guild version for landlords and such. You know, like a who’s who kind of thing. They send out email blasts and stuff like that. So, yeah, it’s pretty exclusive. You guys jealous or what?” Playfully dusting his jacket off, Frank glanced side to side.


“Nice. Yeah, definitely not jealous, but that’s cool that you can possibly reach this guy.” 


“Yeah, I’m with Tim, definitely not jealous.”


“Puh-lease! Give me a break! You guys totally wish you could be me right now. Well, I’ve got news for you. You can’t. So there. But, I'll tell you what. I will do something for you, because I feel badly for you two. I’ll look this guy up. I’ll save the day, again, and I’ll look this guy up, then we’ll call him or meet him somewhere and rough him up a bit until he tells us where Charles is. So, let’s see here.” Frank pulled his phone out of his pocket and mumbled how he was the one that always had to do everything including constantly saving the day.


“This is more excitement I’ve had in ages. I think the last time I did something besides other than working in the bookstore on a day when I should normally be in the bookstore was probably when my sister had a baby. I closed the store and went to the hospital to meet the little guy. That was five years ago. I can’t tell you how nice it is to get out. I mean, I kind of had forgotten what it was like to detach from work, gets me a little excited about what the future might hold after I close the store or reinvent the store.” Daniel took a deep breath.


“I have to admit, this is the most fun I’ve had in months. Things haven’t been great lately, but they’ve been getting better since Frank dragged me out of bed this morning. This is fun. Even if nothing comes from the letter.” 


“Yeah, where did he come from? He’s a wildcard.”


“Hey! I heard that, I prefer wilde card. I’m a wilde card. There’s an important distinction there, but I’m not sure what it is. Oh and by the way. I’ve found our friend, Gary. He’s at 523 Pine St. Or if we’d rather place an anonymous phone call, I have a voice changer app on my phone. That could be fun, too. ‘Hello Gary, we know where you are, where you live, 523 Pine St. You need to tell us where Charles Fillmore is or I’ll make sure you regret it.’” Frank growled deeply. 


“Hmm, tempting. Maybe we could just call him and use a normal voice? Or we could drive there, we are out here anyway, how far away is it?” Daniel said, trying to reel Frank in a little.


“Eh, it’s about five miles away. I guess we could drive there. We could call him while driving there and then show up at the door in masks, that would really freak him out.” Franked bounced up and down with excitement. 


“I saw we drive there, too. It’s back towards my apartment anyway which is calling my name. I’m getting a bit tired,” Daniel and Frank booed Tim as he said he was getting tired. 


“Okay, let’s go do this!” Frank yelled.


The three piled back in the Impala and drove across the Schuylkill River towards the Delaware River. They drove through narrow streets lined with beautiful, brick Georgian style homes from the 18th century or earlier. Tim had initially been drawn to Philadelphia as a place where he might move because of the wealth of history it represented in its borders. There wasn’t a lot he enjoyed about high school, at least as far as the actual schooling was concerned, except for his American History class. He didn’t care much for learning the whitewashed version of Christopher Columbus’ brave and triumphant landing and the ensuing “First Thanksgiving”, but he did enjoy the learning about country’s beginning, and much of that happened in Philadelphia. He had been to the house where Thomas Jefferson drafted the Declaration of Independence in a small upstairs apartment of a corner house now sitting cross the street from a Dunkin Donuts. He had visited the first post office in America; Betsy Ross’ house, which was not actually her house, but was the house next to the house she lived in when she made the flag because the house she lived in had been bulldozed and was now where she was buried; Elfreth’s Alley, which didn’t have much importance to the development of the country, but happened to be the oldest, continually occupied streets in the United States, with home dating back to 1726; and Christ Church Burial Ground where seven signers of the Declaration of Independence were buried including Benjamin Franklin. Of course he had visited the Liberty Bell, the US Mint, and a number of other historic places. It was strange to live in a city where so much had happened, where so many influential people had lived or gathered. Being that it was a beautiful city with beautiful architecture he found it easier to get outside and walk to meet his daily goal.


“Okay, this should be it.” Daniel pulled over on the shoulder in front of a three story brick house separated from the street by a wide brick sidewalk. 


“Wow, this is a nice neighborhood, Washington Square is just a couple of block up, right?” Tim spun in a slow circle taking in his surroundings.


“Yeah, yeah, big whoop, this guys is more successful as a property owner than me, or something, who cares?”


“Right, anyway, let’s get this show on the road.”


They walked up to the house and Frank knocked on the door.


“I’ll handle this one. One businessman to another. Just watch and learn, watch and learn,” With sweeping motions, Frank ironed the front of his coat as they waited at the door. A kid, probably around the age of 7, answered the door. 


“Well, hello there, my man. Is your dad around?”


“You mean Gary? My dad died 3 years ago in a car crash. They say he flew through the windshield because he wasn’t wearing a seatbelt. I don’t know why he wasn’t wearing a seatbelt, he always made me wear a seatbelt.”


“Oh, I’m sorry. I… uh… yes, we are looking for Gary,” Frank looked slightly bashful, it was the first time Tim had seen him fumble. The kid ran back into the house calling out, “Gary! Some guys are at the door for you!” Frank stood up straight again as he had bent down slightly to talk to the 7 year old kid. 


“Whoops, couldn’t have known that, I suppose.” Frank’s neck muscles pulled the corners of his mouth down as if he were saying, “yeesh.”


“Yeah, I guess you should’ve just let me do the talking.” Tim patted Frank on the shoulder and shook his head.


“No, no. I got this. Watch and learn.”


They waited for another minute or two until a shorter gentleman wearing sweatpants and a Philadelphia Phillies T-shirt appeared down the hall. While approaching he dried his hands off on a hand towel and slung it over his shoulder. “Hey guys, what’s up?” The man rested his hands on his hips with his legs spread apart slightly.


“Hi, are you Gary? Gary Leichester?” Frank asked.


“Yes, sir. That’s me, what can I do for you?”


“Oh, great, well, I’m Frank, this is Tim, and that’s Daniel. We are on somewhat of a wild goose chase, kind of like the Phillies and that National League pennant, you know?” Frank chuckled. Gary bought it and laughed as well. “Anyway, we, or I should say, Tim here, found something that belongs to someone who used to own the building you now own. 120 Addison. We’re just trying to get this thing back to whomever we can. Someone might be missing it.”


“Okay, what can I do?”


“Oh, we’re just curious if you know a Charles or Arthur Fillmore. Charles would’ve owned the house at 120 Addison in the 50s and 60s probably. His nephew Arthur potentially lived with him starting in 1957 for a little while.”


“Geeze, the 50s and 60s? How old do you think I am, that’s well before my time. I was like negative 10 in the 50s. I was born in ‘67.”


“Oh yeah? ‘67? Check it out, a fellow Gen X’er. I was born in ‘69.” Frank absent-mindedly nudged Tim standing next to him. “Anyway, hmm. So you don’t know the name? Arthur or Charles Fillmore?”


“No, I’m pretty sure I don’t.”


“Who did you buy the building from?” Tim jumped in.


“The bank, in 1990. Sorry guys, I wish I could help you. Sounds like kind of a fun little thing you got going on. You know what you might try… the bank might have records of who owned the house before they bought it. Although, I’m not sure they can disclose that information. I don’t know how that stuff works.”


“Ahh, why didn't I think about that! We could just do a property title search, that would tell us the history of title changes and owners. Well, thanks, Gary. I guess you were able to help is after all.” Frank tipped his imaginary hat in Gary's direction.


“There you go. Good luck, guys.”


“Man, you are supposed to be our point person on these property related issues. I'm really disappointed in you, Frank. I thought you were better than that.” Tim gave Frank a little shove.


“I knew the whole time we could do that, I was just trying to make things interesting. I mean what kind of story would this make if it was just one internet search that led us to the guy who knew our guy. That's boring. Right? You guys should be thanking me.”


“Huh, right. Yeah, I guess that makes sense.”


“Yep, anyway, why don’t I just do this title search thing and we can move on with the day. Yes? Yes?” Frank waited for Tim and Daniel’s approval.


“Sounds good to me, I’m ready,” Daniel high fived Frank who was waiting with both hands in the air. Frank put one hand down and moved the other closer to Tim’s face.


“Yeah, yeah, I’m in. See what you can dig up.”


They walked back to the car and piled in. Daniel drove them back towards his store while Frank searched on his phone. Tim sat in the middle seat so he could look out the windshield while they drove. As Daniel drove through a yellow light, Tim instinctively reached up and thumped the roof of the car.


“What was that?” Daniel asked.


“Oh, nothing. Just something I used to do when I was younger.”


Tim thought about the night he and his friends had driven around an under-development neighborhood. They zigzagged across streets and into cul de sacs lined only by dirt fields that had been bulldozed over the summer. It was winter and development had since ceased leaving behind a ghost town that had never existed as a town. Instead of houses there were mounds of dirt and behind them fields waiting to be leveled. The drove recklessly through the streets with Rush’s Fly By Nights blaring on the car stereo. At one point they came across some bales of hay abandoned at the end of a cul de sac. 


“We should totally take that bale of hay!” Brent shouted.


“What are we going to do with a bale of hay?” Tim loved the idea, but tried to remain the voice of reason. 


“I don’t know, we could leave it on someone’s doorstep or something. I bet it’s super heavy.”


They parked the car and jumped out with the headlights illuminating the hay bales in front of them.


“Oh yeah, it’s heavy. We could totally prank someone with this.” Carver said as he leaned into the bale. 


“How are we going to get it to someone’s house?” Tim asked.


“We’ll go back and pick up my dad’s truck, come back, and put it in the bed of the truck.”


At the time it seemed like a cogent plan. So they took off for Brent’s house, swapped Carver’s Dodge Intrepid for Brent’s father’s truck, and drove back out the cul de sac. It took 20 minutes and a lot of huffing and puffing to get the bale of hay in the bed of the truck, but they finally got it in.


“Oh, oh. I know what we can do! Prom is coming up, right? We can leave this bale of hay on Hayley Garofalo's doorstep with a note on it that says, ‘Hey, Hay, look through the hay to find out who’s taking you to prom!’ She’ll start digging through it, make a mess, and in the end will find nothing!” Carver struggled to make it through his idea as he was laughing so much.


“That’s terrible, we’re going to fake invite Hayley to a dance and just leave it at that?” 


“No, no. I was thinking about asking her anyway. I can show up after she’s gone through it a little bit and ask her out for real!” Brent was on board. 


“Okay, I guess we’re doing this!”


The three drove off. Parking at the end of Hayley’s driveway on the street, the three jumped out and drug the hay bale on to the porch, placed the note, then rang the doorbell and ran across the street out of view to watch. From across the street they could see two silhouettes bow over the bale of hay, presumably reading the note. One silhouettes went back inside and later returned with a third person. The three silhouettes started digging through the bale of hay. Brent, Carver, and Tim rolled around in the grass across the street trying to stifle their laughter. At some point the three silhouettes seemed to lose interest and returned inside. The three jumped up and ran to the door.


Later that night, after the bale of hay, after Brent asking Hayley to the dance, on their way home, Brent drove through a yellow light. Tim reached up and touched the ceiling, he didn’t think anything of it, but now, while Tim was with Daniel and Frank, he wished he could go back.


-


“So, it looks like the person who owned the house after Charles Fillmore is a guy named Benjamin Creedy. So assuming he’s still alive, we find him, get some information on the Fillmore’s, because of course he’s going to have the information right, how could he not, and then we find the Fillmore’s and then we eat food and drink and go home. It’s a win-win, can’t go wrong.”


“Do you have any contact information for this Benjamin Creedy?”


“Well, yeah, duh. I didn’t even ask for it, the interweb just knew I wanted it. There’s a phone number for him.”


“Okay, so call him. Right?” Tim said.


“No, you do it, I’m scared after the last time.”


“Okay, fine, I’ll do it. I guess you’re done saving the day or something. Or just taking a break?”


“Yeah, something like that. Just taking a little breather, it’s hard work doing all the work all of the time. Just letting you step up your detective game.”


Tim placed the call and waited for someone on the other end to pick up. He didn’t know what he would say in the event someone did pick up. It was like the time after he had told Sarah she had no right to abort their baby. He had said it in a whirl of emotion for which he was ill prepared. The news of Sarah’s pregnancy had been delivered to him while he was at work, via a text message. 


“Hey, so I haven’t had my period for a couple weeks. I didn’t want to say anything because it’s not unusual for me to be late, but I just took a pregnancy test and it says I’m pregnant. Call me when you’re off work.”


Tim called her back immediately.


“What are we going to do? What should we do?” Tim was running high on emotions, ones he hadn’t felt. A sense of confused, scared elation. He had secretly wished this would happen so that Sarah wouldn’t leave him, although the more time he was given to think about the situation the more he realized how flawed that logic was. Not only did it only make it slightly more likely that she stay with him, but he had permanently changed the course of their lives and their relationship forever. What if she grew to resent Tim because he had forced her into parenthood much earlier than she had hoped and anticipated? What if Tim grew to resent her for the same reason? What if the resentment tore them apart irreparably, but the baby they had created connected them and reminded them of their hatred for each other?


“Well, we can’t keep it, right? I mean you work at a video game store. I know you are trying to get a job programming somewhere, but we have to be realistic right now. I still need a few credits to finish my degree. I don’t want to have two classes standing between me and my degree for the rest of my life.”


“You don’t think we can do this? We love each other, right?”


“Of course we love each other, but we have to think about what kind of life we can realistically provide for a baby. I don’t want to bring a life into this world if I’m not ready…” she paused, but Tim didn’t say anything. “Look, I’ve thought about this for awhile now. I think it’s the best option.”


“What?”


“I’ve scheduled to get an abortion later this week.”


“Are you serious? You are so selfish, you have no right to have an abortion, I mean, you didn’t even consult me! How could you?! This is something we both did, don’t you think it’s something we should both agree on? I can’t believe you right now. I have to go. Selfish slut.”


Tim hung up the phone, went into the back room and cried. 


The days leading up to Sarah’s planned appointment at the clinic were muddled with feelings of regret, remorse, anger, and confusion. Tim’s desire to call Sarah back and apologize with words of support were trumped by his pride and nearsightedness. He knew he had a tendency to focus on the short term, here and now, but didn’t understand why he should apologize for this characteristic of his. The day passed. Sarah presumably went to the clinic and had the abortion done without Tim’s support. The following day he came to the realization that he still wanted a relationship with Sarah and decided to call. He waited with the phone pressed to his ear. Nobody picked up. A few days later, Tim received a text message from Sarah.


“I don’t want to talk. I’m hurt that you called me a selfish slut, but I’m more hurt by your actions. I understand you may not have fully supported my decision, and I’m sorry I didn’t consult you on it, but a friend would not have acted the way you did.”


He was devastated, he knew she was right. He had been selfish, stubborn, and mean. 


-


“Hello?” A voice asked at the other end of the line.


“Uh, hi. I’m looking to speak with, uh, Benjamin Creedy. Is he available?” Tim snapped back to reality. 


“No, I’m sorry, he doesn’t live here anymore. Is there something I can help you with?”


“No, I don’t think so. Well, maybe. Is there a way we can get in touch with him? I’m trying to track down someone I think he might know.”


“I don’t know. I’m not sure I feel comfortable giving out that kind of information. You can understand, can’t you?”


“Yeah, I understand. We are just at a bit of an impasse right now. You see I found something that belongs to someone Benjamin knows, or at least I hope he knows this person. I’m just trying to return what I found.”


“Well, he’s my father, maybe I can help. How do you think he would know this person?”


“Oh, hi, it’s nice to meet you, I’m Tim. It’s a bit of a long story, but I believe your father purchased some property from this person’s family back in 70s. A house at 120 Addison. I was hopeful that maybe your father knew the people that lived there before he bought it.”


“Oh! The Fillmores?”


“Yes! You know them? Please, tell me you know them.” Frank took notice to the excitement in Tim’s voice and put his head next to Tim’s to try and hear the conversation.

“I was pretty young when we moved into that house, probably ten or so. But I did recently get back in touch with one of their daughters who is my age. Even though she and her family moved away our parent’s set us up as pen pals. We wrote for a monthly for a few years, until middle school probably, then it petered out. I found her on Facebook. She lives in New York now, I believe. Her name is Samantha Fillmore, maybe she can help you guys.”


“Yes, that’s the daughter! Oh, that would be perfect. Do you happen to know her father’s name, he’s the one we’re looking for, well, kind of.”


“Yeah, I’m pretty sure his name is Charles, but I believe he died several years ago. I think her mother might still be living, however.”


“She knows Samantha Fillmore, Charles’ daughter, she thinks Charles passed, but the mom is still living. Samantha would be Arthur’s cousin, right? I think we’re getting close!” Tim whispered with his hand covering phone’s microphone. Daniel and Frank high fived. “Would you mind passing my name and number along to Samantha or email or something? I’d love to get in touch with her. You can tell her I have something of her Arthur’s, I believe that’s her cousin.”


“Sure, I could probably do that.” 


Tim gave the woman on the phone, he had failed to get her name, his information and thank her for her time.


“Well, I guess it’s a bit of a waiting game now. Gotta wait for the cousin to get back to me.” Tim summarized the conversation he just had on the phone.


“Ahh, that is cool. I feel like we are close! Man, my life is going to be so boring when this is all over,” Daniel started the conversation excitedly, but the energy and tone dipped a little as he finished his thought.


“Mmm. I suspect that is true, Daniel. I might, however, be willing to consider continuing this whole ‘hanging out’ thing if only to keep your guys’ lives more interesting,” Frank emphasized the word ‘might’ as he spoke.


“Oh, right,” said Daniel.


“Wow, super generous. You’re a true altruist,” Tim played along sarcastically. “Anyway, I’m going to head home for now. I’m beat, you guys. Can we pick this back up in a couple of days when I hear back from Samantha.”


“If by ‘a couple of days’ you mean tomorrow, and if by ‘when you hear back from Samantha’ you mean whether or not you hear back from Samantha, then yes. Yes, we will see you tomorrow. Me and Daniel will be at your place at nine AM.”


“Huh? We will?” Daniel scrunched his face in confusion. 


“Better make it noon.”


“Great, nine it is. See you soon. Oh, and Tim, maybe remember to shower before we get there this time. Oh, and maybe clean up a little bit. You know, dishes, trash, that kind of thing.”


“Cool, so sleep in until just before you come at noon, got it.”


“Perfect, so just to recap, you clean your apartment and be ready for us at nine. Actually, we’ll probably be there a little before. You know how Daniel worries about being punctual.” Frank jerked his thumb towards Daniel.


Tim left Frank and Daniel at the bookstore and walked home. He recounted the day in his mind. It was strange to think that earlier that day, he hadn’t really cared if he woke, in fact sleeping seemed just about the only thing that felt better than living--a permanent sleep seemed even better. Now, though he was still aching, he felt the mystery of the letter drawing him to reach a conclusion again. He had been distracted by Frank’s absurdity and Daniel’s steady cheeriness. If they could distract him for a few hours, perhaps it would be possible to be distracted for a few days, week, months. There was possibility none where before there was none. The possibility felt like pinhole, a prick of light, in the black curtain cloaking his mind. He stepped into his apartment and turned the light on. It was littered with clothes and trash. He hadn’t realized the state he had let it deteriorate to, Frank was right, his apartment was derelict. He turned the light off again and got under his covers. “I’ll clean up tomorrow morning.” 


-


“Tim, I didn’t expect to see you. Umm, hi.” Sarah opened the door of her house to find Tim standing there.


“Yeah, sorry, I would’ve called, but I kind of broke my phone the other day. Anyway, I just wanted to see you and talk to you so I drove through the night.”


“You drove straight through? How long of a drive is that, you must be exhausted, do you want to come in?”


“Sure, thanks.” Tim followed Sarah into the house. He hadn’t been in her parent’s house in years. The first time he had been there was to work on a school project for their Geology class. After the trip to Hiddenite they were instructed to classify their rocks and gemstones, Sarah offered her house to complete the project so Tim brought over the bag of rocks and gems they had gathered from the mine. They had worked in the basement while watching Saturday Night Live. Though Tim wasn’t listening very intently on what was being said in the show, he laughed louder at the jokes than he normally would, glancing over at Sarah periodically to gauge her reaction to the show and to his reaction. He had heard that by mirroring someone’s body language you could build trust quicker with that person. When the musical guests, Arctic Monkeys played, he fidgeted nervously. Everyone in the school knew him as a bit of a music snob and whether he was placing this pressure on himself or not he felt he needed to comment on the musical performance. Not wanting to offend Sarah with a positive or negative review of the band when she felt the opposite he asked, “What do you think of these guys?” Sarah answered, “They’re pretty cool.” Tim agreed and smiled, despite it not being his kind of music at all. After they started dating she disclosed to him that she was worried about saying the wrong thing, too, and only wanted to impress him. The last time Tim had been in her parent’s house he was helping her move some stuff into her car to take to college where they’d attend the same university and end up living close to each other. Her parent’s house was only a few blocks away from his parent’s house and though he didn’t get to know her until their senior year, he often fantasized about walking to her house in the middle of the night, throwing pebbles at her window until she came to the window. He’d help her climb down from her window and then they’d go cuddle in a park until the sun came up and the sprinklers came on making them move. 


“I had to see you. I know you are dating Brent now, which I can’t say I understand, or like, though I guess it doesn’t really matter if I like it or not seeing as how we aren’t dating anymore and you are both adults capable of making decision, and I’m rambling now, but I just wanted to talk to clear the air. I’ve thought a lot about this, about us, about what we’ve been through, about where we are now, about you and Brent, and I don’t have all the answers, but I do know that I love you. And I would do anything for you. And if you ask me to, I’ll give up. It will be counter-intuitive for me at first, I’ve trained myself to fight for us because it’s what I always wanted, but if I really say that I’ll do anything for you, then that means I’ll leave you alone, too. I just want to hear you say it first. It can’t come from Brent or anybody else, it has to come from you.” Tim grabbed Sarah’s hand inviting her to look him in the eye as she responded.


“Wow, that is a lot, a lot of pressure, I guess. But, I’m glad you came. I had been wanting to talk to you, too. See, Brent and me, we just aren’t going to work out. I don’t know exactly what it is, maybe it’s because I keep comparing him to you, which is unfair to him, I know. I mean, everyone has a different way of doing things and that is a wonderful thing, but I guess what I am saying is that even though he probably doesn’t drive me as crazy mad as you drive me at times, he also doesn’t make me feel as crazy loved as you can make me feel. You know? It’s kind of like lukewarm bathwater or something. It’s fine, but it doesn’t really do anything for you. Being with you is like jumping in a cold pool after having been in a hot tub for longer than the recommended time and then jumping back in the hot tub. It can be a little painful, shocking, abrasive, but it is exhilarating, and exciting, and makes you feel alive. I want to feel alive. There might come a time when lukewarm feels right, but right now I want to alternate between the cold pool water and the scalding hot tub.” She squeezed Tim’s hands as she spoke, tears welling up in the corners of her eyes.


“You don’t know how happy it makes me to hear that. And I promise if and when the time comes when you want lukewarm bathwater, I will give that to you. I can change. I know our relationship can be temperamental and erratic, most of that is probably my fault, but it’s only because I care about you and want the best for you. I’d do anything…”


Thump. Thump. Thump. Tim swung his head to the right to watch the door. The pounding came again only a few seconds later. Thump. Thump. Thump. It was a no nonsense, police officer type of knock. 


“Who’s that? Are you expecting someone?” Tim looked back at Sarah who had her eyes fixed on the door. 


“No, I don’t know. Maybe Brent drove by and saw your car here or something. I haven’t told him any of this stuff yet.”


They heard a voice from beyond the door now as the pounding continued. 


“Hey, let’s go. Nine AM, my man. We’re running late. Up and at ‘em! Let’s do this!”


It was Frank. Frank had tracked him down in North Carolina, somehow.


“Sarah, I’m so sorry, I have to go. We can talk about this later, right? It’s just I have to take care of something.”


“No, Tim, don’t go. Please, I want you to stay!”


“Sorry, I just have to go. He’s waiting for. I bet Daniel’s with him!” Tim got up and started walking to the door. Sarah pulled on his hand begging him to stay.”


“Who is Daniel? Where do you need to go? I don’t understand.”


“I’ll explain later.”


“Let’s go Tim, got to goooo!” Frank shouted again.


-


Tim woke to pounding at his door for the second morning in a row. He at least knew who it was and why they were there. 


“Tim, Tim, Tim!” Frank was chanting. 


“Yeah, I’ll be there in a minute,” Tim called back.


Making his way to the bathroom and picking up dirty laundry along the way, Tim make a quick sweep of his apartment floor. Trash went into the trash can, dirty dishes into the sink to soak with the hot water running over top of them. He shook out his blanket on his bed and tucked it under his mattress. He had never slept with a top sheet as his somewhat violent sleep habits of tossing and turning and trashing inevitably left the top sheet in a crumpled mess at the bottom of the bed. He also never made the bed. What was the point when you were just going to get in and mess it up again? It seemed an exercise in futility. Why resist the inexorable? Making the bed, to Tim, felt like trying to tame a wild, predatory, big cat. It might work for a little while, impress some people, but someone was bound to end up getting wrecked by that big cat. Or the Grizzly Man, that worked out for him for a little while, but did anyone really think it was a good idea to go against nature like that. I mean, it was only a matter of time. Surely, he knew that, too. Certainly, making the bed was not nearly as dramatic as playing with deadly wild animals, but seemed unnatural in a similar futile way. 


By the time Tim made it to the door to let Frank and Daniel in, Frank was on the second verse of “I’ll Make a Man Out Of You” from the soundtrack to Mulan. Tim opened the door and waved the two inside. 


“Man, my neighbors are going to love me! Some crazy guys at my door on a Sunday morning singing Mulan? Awesome.”


“What are they going to do? Complain to me about me? You’re fine. Unless, of course, you get on my bad side. Then, I can’t help you when they come to me to complain about me. That’s on you! Although, singing that song out of context is probably a little risky. I don’t support the literal meaning behind any of the words I just sang, but I do support Mulan kicking gender role’s ass and the ironical meaning behind the song. Screw sexism! Am I right?” Frank held his hand out, waiting for a high five.


“You got it!” Daniel slapped Frank’s hand.


“So, what’s up guys, what’s the plan? I haven’t heard from Samantha… so…”


“Have you checked? Didn’t you say your phone was in pieces or something?” Frank was right. Tim had forgotten about his phone which he had thrown into the wall in tantrum of emotional reactivity triggered by the text message from Brent, which Tim was also realizing, contrary to his dream, was still the current situation between him, Brent, and Sarah. His heart sank into his stomach a little upon this realization.


“Oh, yeah. I guess you are right.” The phone was still scattered across the floor in three pieces: the back cover, the battery, and the phone itself. There was a small dent in the wall where the phone’s impact likely shattered the screen and knocked the back cover off and battery out. Tim put the pieces back together and powered it on. He had received a text, but it wasn’t from Samantha. It was from Sarah.


“Hey. Do you want to call me? We should talk.”


Frank and Daniel caught him reading something from his phone.


“Okay, so, like I said, I haven’t heard back from Samantha. Did you guys have some game plan before coming over here or was it just to wake me up and bug me?”


“Oh, we weren’t trying to…” Daniel started, but Frank cut him off.


“We couldn’t stand being apart from you. And, yes, we wanted to bug you. Is it working? Also, what’s up? Nothing from Samantha, but that’s not as bad of news as your face is making it to look like.”


“Oh, it’s nothing. Just a text from an old friend. Should we get coffee or breakfast or something. I mean, I guess I’m up now. No sense in trying to pretend I’m not.”


“Perfect, great idea. I know a great place if everyone is okay with brunch food.”


Daniel and Tim followed Frank out the door, down the stairs, and on to the sidewalk. It was bright and cold outside. Tim’s new, used wool coat managed to do a great job at keeping him warm. Despite winter not officially starting for another month or so, it felt like winter, or at least it felt like they had reached the point of no return. Warm, comfortable days were behind them and ahead, at least for the next three months or more, they could expect face-chilling cold weather. The sidewalks were busy with bundled people with clouds of steam following them as they speed walked to the grocery store, or to their favorite coffee shop, or the post office to send Christmas presents to loved ones before the postal service was overwhelmed with packages which they couldn’t deliver until after Christmas. In a couple of weeks, the sidewalks would be barren as people opted to take public transportation, or cars, or just stay inside altogether and order in their General Tso’s Soy Protein dish with broccoli and purple rice or have Amazon deliver their toilet paper, and mouthwash, and Cheez-Its, and garbage bags. Even with all of the modern conveniences people still hibernated to a degree in the winter months. Some people, the wealthy, would book flights to exotic and tropical locations with resorts on the beach where one only need to pack a variety of swimsuits to lounge in throughout the week. The closest to a tropical vacation and the furthest Tim had been away from Statesville, North Carolina was a on a senior trip to Ecuador. Tim’s parent’s had surprised him with idea of it and he excitedly agreed. The trip included a fair amount of sightseeing and tourism to a number of nearby ancient Aztec ruins and exhausting days working in a small mountain village to help build bathrooms and a school. Memories from those weeks for Tim felt magical, like a Miyazaki film. He reflected on the trip with the same haze of fantasy coloring his day dreams. Melting into late night rides on a bus with a bunch of sleepy teenagers across winding dirt roads at night felt like he was traversing the universe. He remembered flying into the country on a small plane through the Ecuadorian Andes above the clouds. Perhaps it was the jet lag or the intoxicating excitement of what lay ahead, but with the sun rising lighting the clouds below them, Tim was convinced they were flying over the ocean and the many mountain peaks were islands peppering the expansive blue water. It wasn’t until the announcer spoke over the cabin PA system that Tim knew he was mistaken.


“We are currently flying over the beautiful Ecuadorian Andes mountains. We’ll be landing shortly. Crew, please prepare the cabin for landing.”


-
The three made it to the restaurant and ate eggs benedict while talking about what they would be doing if time, money, and health weren’t an issue.


“Ah, that’s so easy,” Frank started. “I would travel the globe, country by country. Doesn’t much matter where to start, it could be any continent really. I think it’d be fun to travel by bike for part of it, by boat, by small plane, by train, you know just hit all the major modes of transportation as you worked your way through Asia, Europe, South America, Africa, etcetera. I haven’t really decided if I’d want to check out Antarctica or not. I don’t know… is there much to do or see there? I guess I might as well if time and money weren’t an issue. It’d be cool to spend time with the natives of each place you went, maybe learn the language, eat and drink the local cuisine, learn the history, you know, just do it all. It would take lifetimes, I know, but hey, I didn’t make the rules, time isn’t an issue, right? What about you, Daniel? What do you think you’d be up to right now?”


“Hmm. I guess I’d want to visit all the famous libraries in the world and read every book in every one. The Vatican, the Bodleian, the National Library of St. Marks, the British Museum, the Austrian Library, the National Library of Sweden, the list goes on and on and on. I guess I’d have to learn every language, too, in order to read them. So, we have that in common. And then probably visit all the famous museums in the world. It’s just amazing that there is so much amazing art and history in the world and I haven’t even left the country.” Daniel smiled sleepily. 


“You haven’t been out of the country? Seriously? Let’s go. Let’s go right now! Cancel your plans for the next couple of days, we’ll go to Canada, Toronto, it’s, what, a few hours away?” Frank threw his hands up in exasperation.


“I don’t have a passport,” Daniel confessed.


“Ugh, you’re killing me, I literally think I just died a little bit. Oh well, Tim, please tell you’ve been out of the country.” 


“Yeah, but only to Ecuador, I went when I was in high school. Kind of a humanitarian trip, but got to see some really cool stuff, you know ancient ruins, cool mountains, cool people. It was awesome, I’d love to go back sometime. Or somewhere else.”


“Cool, very cool, I don’t think they have any famous libraries there for you Daniel, but that meets most of the goals in my fantasy. So, what about you, Tim. What would you do with all the time, money, and health in the world, universe, or whatever.”


“Eh, I don’t know. I feel like I’m still trying to figure that out. You know, what I want to do for the rest of my life,” Tim sighed.


“No, no, you’re playing the game wrong. That’s the “what do you want to do for the rest of your life?” game. We’re playing the what would you do if you could do anything and time, money, and your health is not an issue. You see the difference?”


“Yeah, yeah, yeah. Umm, maybe I’d try to track down my soulmate. I don’t know? Try to find that one person who is absolutely perfect for you?”


“Hmm…I don’t think I’ve ever heard anyone answer that way to that question. There are like seven billion people in the world right now and you want to meet everyone of them and what, have a conversation with them? Take them to dinner? What if you soulmate died already? You’d spend all the time just to come up disappointed?” 


“Yeah, well, I’d still get to do most of the stuff in your dream, right? Travel all over the world, meet people, eat the local cuisine, I guess I’d have to learn all the languages as well so I could get to know the people I’m meeting, I’d just have a different goal. You know? And, I’d argue that my goal is a lot more meaningful than yours. As far as I can tell your goal is frivolity, just aimless fun and entertainment, which is great, but not as fulfilling as mine, wouldn’t you agree? Plus, weren’t you the one that told me that not knowing feels kind of like hope? I could give up, but then, I’d just be closing the book.”


“Phew, wow, that’s some heavy duty romanticism! Well, I can’t say that you’re wrong. I guess your logic is pretty solid. But, I’m curious about something. What happens, what happens if you meet your soulmate after like one million people out of the seven billion and then you spent however long it takes to go through six billion, nine hundred and ninety nine million more people making sure he or she was indeed the right person instead of actually spending time with that one person? And how insulting would that be to your soulmate, that you kept looking after having met them?” 


“Oh, wow, hmm… I, uh, I guess I don’t know. I guess, ideally, I’d know once I found the perfect person for me, my soulmate, once I met them, I’d know right away.”


“Well, that isn’t really realistic, but I guess I can cut you some slack and play along. So you’ve met your soulmate, what do you do with that person if time, money, and your health is not an issue?”


“I think, I’d spend some time in Europe, probably doing a mix of what both of you guys said. Travel, learning, studying, seeing. It’d be amazing to go to space, too. Float around on a foreign planet, but, there is plenty of cool stuff to see on this planet, too.”


“Well, there you have it. We all said that we would travel. So, maybe we should do it.” Frank suggested again.




“Oh, you’re serious? I mean, I don’t really have money to spare.”


“If I say it one more time it will come true, right? Like Beetlejuice? We should traaaavvvelll. There, I said it. I guess we should start packing, maybe catch the red eye tonight. Deal? Deal!” Frank started getting up.


“Wait, wait. Hold up, I’m getting something. Getting a call! Maybe this is it, er, her, maybe this is Samantha!” Tim answered the call and held the phone up to his ear. “Hello?”


“Hi, is this Tim?”


“Yes, this is Tim.”


“Hi, this is Samantha, this is a weird call, but I was told by Jane Creedy that you may have something that belongs to my cousin Arthur.


“Yeah! I think I do. Yeah, I know this is a bit of a weird situation, but the short of it is I bought a coat a thrift store, inside the coat, in between the shell and liner, I found an unopened envelope. I opened it and read the letter and have been trying to track down Arthur Fillmore ever since. He wrote it. I’d love to be able to deliver it to him. It’s a cool letter. Does he live in Philadelphia still?”


“I’m afraid Arthur passed a few years ago. He was living in New York City at the time. He had been there for a number of years.”


“Oh, I’m so sorry to hear that, does his family still live there? Maybe I can deliver this letter to his family give them a glimpse into his younger years.”


“Arthur didn’t have a family. I mean, he never married as far as I know, had no kids. He was a bit of a lone ranger, traveled a lot, sometimes for work, sometimes just for fun, but almost always alone, but he tended to make friends everywhere he went, just didn’t seem to settle down with anyone.”


“I see, well that’s too bad, that I was hoping to be able to return this letter to him.” Tim shook his head at Daniel and Frank who were watching intently.


“Ask if she knows Judith,” Daniel reminded Tim who nodded in acknowledgement.


“Do you by chance know who Judith is? Someone that your cousin Arthur may have spent time with? That’s who the letter was written, it sounded like they might have been in love, but he had to move to Philadelphia temporarily because of financial reasons. I guess that’s when he lived with your family.”


“Umm. I don’t, I mean I was so young when he lived with us, I don’t remember it at all. And when I grew up, I didn’t talk to him much, you know, he was 20 years older than me or something. He was more like an uncle in a lot of ways. He was always a bit mysterious, didn’t always show up to family gatherings and when he did he didn’t talk much. He was always friendly and nice, but his reticence came across as sadness to me. He’d travel all these interesting places, but just seemed lonely, I guess. But who knows, maybe he was just a fully contented guy who just appreciated solitude and didn’t like talking much. I’m sure those types exist, it just isn’t like my family.”


“Hmm. Well, shoot. I don’t know what to do. I guess you’re probably his closest family? I could send you this letter. Might shed some light on your uncle. I could mail it, or scan and email it, or whatever you want to do.”


“Well, yes, I’d love to see it, but if you think you have a chance of finding Judith, I think you should keep the original and give her the letter. Assuming you can find her, I’m betting it would mean more to her than me, but if you can’t find anyone else to leave it with, I would love to have it.”


Tim exchanged information with Samantha and promised to send her a copy of the letter and the original should not have success in finding Judith, thanked her for calling him, and hung up.


“Well, that’s that. I don’t know where to go from here,” Tim sighed in frustration.


“Ah, we’re fine. We can figure this out no sweat, we’ll just have to find Judith,” Frank said through a mouthful of hashbrowns.


The rest of the day the three walked from one end of the city to the other, from Penn’s Landing to the University of Pennsylvania, enjoying the late November sunshine before the city’s building obstructed it from view. They discussed how they could possibly track down Judith with only her first name, the name of her friend, Arthur Fillmore, and that she was living in New York City in 1957, or at least Tim was pretty sure it was New York City given the address of the coffee shop Arthur had written about in the letter: 9th Avenue and 23rd St. He could probably verify that a coffee shop had actually existed there in 1957, but that wouldn’t help in any other way that he could think of other than confirm it was New York City. Frank, though trying to remain optimistic, could only suggest that they travel back in time and hang out at the coffee shop where Arthur and Judith first met. Then, they could follow the couple around for a few days, gather information on who Judith was, “maybe her last name, her address, where her parents lived, her birthday if we can”, and then travel back to the present day and use that information to find her. His other suggestion, which was only slightly more plausible was to hack into the NSA and look up satellite images of the coffee shop which were indexed with Arthur Fillmore’s name, “you know that have all the stuff? The technology existed then the same way the first practical electric car was invented at the turn of the 19th century. We could have perfected that technology if the government hadn’t made it disappear!” Daniel, through his pensive silence, turned out to be less helpful. Perhaps because he was slightly intimidated by Frank, or just because Frank didn’t leave much room for anyone else to talk, Daniel had become a lot more quiet since meeting Frank. He didn’t seem unhappy or put off by Frank dominating the conversation and making most of the decisions about what they’d do with the next ten minutes of their time, so Tim didn’t worry about it. 


“Any bright ideas, Daniel?” Tim interrupted Frank who was in the middle of explaining how the abduction of Madeleine McCann was a big conspiracy, “not by the government per se, but a cover up none the less. 9/11 that’s a governmental conspiracy though.”


“Hmm… well, I don’t think I have any groundbreaking or code cracking ideas, but I was just wondering if any of Arthur’s belongings were kept by family members when he past. I know most of it probably goes to thrift stores or gets sold at estate sales or whatever else, but maybe some of the more important things were kept by the family. I don’t know if we’d be able to get what we needed even if someone did have some belongings of his, but it seems to me that might be just about our only recourse.”


“Huh… hear that Frank?” Tim looked over at Frank who feigned interest in what he was saying. “Someone has an idea other than you, and this one happens to be the best one I’ve heard so far. That really is a good idea and I think you are right. I mean I can’t think of anything else that might help us get even close to finding out who this Judith person is. I’ll ask Samantha when I email her a copy of the letter.”


“Well, when you’re right, you’re right, I guess. You know, I try so hard to just be myself, you know? My most authentic self. I put it all out there, my insecurities, my strengths, my weaknesses. I give you my thoughts, my ideas, my passion, and you just brush it aside. You just brush it aside, or ignore it, or feign interest, and then, as if I’m not even speaking aloud, or as if I’m not even present, interrupt and ask for someone else thoughts and opinions. I just don’t know what to say, it’s appalling. Simply…” Tim cut Frank off again.


“Yeah, it’s a travesty, I know, but what are you going to do? Anyway, I think I’m going to head back to my apartment. Try to get some programming in before I wind up on the couch watching old episodes of The Office. What are you guys going to do?”


“Eh, I’ll probably head back to the bookstore and read for a few hours, then head home I guess.”


“You’re going to open the bookstore up for a few hours and then go home? It’s Sunday, people just want to lounge around on Sundays, you don’t need to open the bookstore! Oh, I know, we should watch a movie or something. Go to the movies! Oh! Even better, we should open up your bookstore, knock a few of those shelves out of there, put up a sheet on the wall at the end of the room, slide a projector in there, get some comfy chairs or benches or whatever, and just watch a movie.”


“I actually love that idea! And not just for right now, but I think you should consider that idea for converting your store into something that might draw more people in. I don’t know what would need to happen to be able to screen movies, maybe you could screen ones that you don’t have to have the rights for, or whatever. You could make your bookstore into a store slash venue to include all of the arts maybe. Have nights where you show off local artists’ work, a gallery night, I suppose. A small comedy night or performing arts night. A music venue. All kinds of stuff, just downsize your book collection to the classics and popular contemporary stuff… anything in between people probably just go to Amazon for anyways.”


“Huh, that’s a pretty cool idea. Do you think I could actually make that happen? I mean in theory it sounds great, but what would it take to make it happen?” Daniel asked holding back excitement.


“I don’t think it’d take too much. You have the space, you’d have to make room in the back room where you have most of your inventory, but like Tim said, most of it probably will never sell anyway, so you could donate it or have a massive ‘fill a bag with books for $20 sale’ or something. Then I’d probably do some renovations, get rid of that drop ceiling if possible, it just feels so small back there. Do you know what’s underneath? It’s got to be prettier than whatever it’s covering. Then get a projector and a screen. Get some comfortable seating and some less comfortable, but more space efficient and easy to move seating, then do some rebranding and you should be good to go. I’m pretty much good at everything, so I can help,” Frank boasted.


“Yeah, I think I suggested this before, but I’ll suggest it again, you should definitely have free wifi access for people, and consider putting in a cafe… although, you probably don’t really have room for that. Maybe some kind of concessions stand. A place for people to get drinks and snacks. That would definitely help persuade me to come in. Is there any space in that building you aren’t using?”


“There’s just the entryway part, the hallway, the big back room, and then an office and a bathroom off the back room. The office is next to the hallway… I guess if space was an issue we could try to knock that wall out and open the whole thing up. I just don’t have a lot of money to put into all of this. As you may or may not have noticed, the bookstore business isn’t exactly booming unless you are Barnes & Noble.”


“Yeah, that would definitely open things up if we could knock that wall out, I’d be down to help all I could, too, as you may or may not have noticed I don’t exactly have a lot going on right now. Just doing some part time detective work, but other than that, I’m pretty free the next...,” Tim glanced down at his wrist, “foreseeable future.”


“Anyway, seeing as how it’s Sunday, we don’t have anything to do, and your bookstore isn’t quite ready for showing its first feature length film, or any length film for that matter, why don’t we just go to a theater… come on, my treat, do either of you really have stuff that you’d be doing otherwise?” Frank jumped in front of Tim and Daniel as they walked down the sidewalk and sparred furiously as he walked backwards.


“You are just relentless, aren’t you? I need to prepare myself with a list of excuses one night so I can have an out… but I guess you got me this time, I don’t have an excuse. What’s playing?”


“I don’t know, I think my daughter had something picked out already. We’re meeting her at the theater, Daniel you’re coming, right?”


“I guess so, I haven’t been to a movie in a while, could be fun.”


“Great, let’s head over there.”


It was dusk, the sky was still glowing along the horizon as if a fire was burning just beyond sight. The orange and yellow faded into blue as you followed it up to the moon which hung above their heads like a irradiated pearl. Office and apartment lights started appearing in the buildings around them, cars turned on their headlights and drove passengers to their dinner engagements with families around table-clothed dining tables. Sundays were busy days at the Lendel’s house in Statesville, at least the used to be before Tim left. There was a standing invitation to Tim’s and Jacob’s friends for dinner. It wasn’t unusual for Tim’s parent’s to feed the four of them plus three or four of Tim’s friends and another two of Jacob’s friends. The dinners were a roaring festivity of jokes, music, and food. Usually, Tim’s father would man the grill on the deck outside cooking up burgers, veggie patties, fish, beef teriyaki, chicken, or whatever else people were in the mood for while friends would kick a soccer ball around or play the guitar and sing on the patio furniture. During the meal they’d gather inside around the kitchen table, some people spilling into the living room on couches and piano benches. People told stories about their weeks, funny things that happened to them, or jokes that they made up. Before the night was over, Brent would’ve played some new songs he was working on on the piano, Carver would’ve eaten far more than anyone thought possible and well beyond what anyone thought would be comfortable, and Tim’s parents would’ve invited everyone to join them for a game of pictionary telephone, a game in which everyone made a sentence up on a piece of paper and then passed it to the person on their left, that person would draw a picture depicting the sentence and fold the first sentence down so only the picture showed then pass the paper again. The game would continue with each pass alternating pictures and sentences, folding the paper each time before you passed it on so that no more than one sentence or one picture were showing, until the entire paper was filled. Invariable, the mean in the first sentence was completely lost in translation between words and pictures by the final sentence. As Tim and Jacob’s friends left they each hugged Tim’s parents goodbye. Tim was always proud that his parents were cool and that his friends enjoyed spending time with them. He also appreciated that his parent’s enjoyed his friends.


“Tim, Daniel, this is my daughter, Holly. Holly, these weird people are my friends. I’ve known them for about two days so don’t ask me anything about either of them because for all I know they could be cheaters, liars, thieves, or murderers, or something else completely different. They could be great people, but I wouldn't know.”


“Wait, so you guys actually met my father before and now you are choosing to hang out with him again? That’s surprising. Usually it only takes the one meeting before people are scared off.” She flashed a charming, sly smile similar to Frank’s. “Anyway, it’s good to meet you both. Also, aren’t you a little young to be hanging out with old man Frank?” Holly frowned at Tim. “Just kidding! Let’s go, we need to get good seats! And, I probably need some caffeine, so someone is going to have to buy that for me!” She ran spun around on her heels and ran into the entrance yelling over her shoulder. “Let’s go, let’s go, let’s go!”


“Now you’ll see who really runs the show,” Frank nodded to Tim and Daniel as they followed Holly into the lobby. “Tim, why don’t you hit the concessions while I pick up the tickets, I can reimburse you later if you’re going to be a baby about it, it’s just quicker to divide and conquer.”


“Oookay.” Tim followed Holly to the back of the concession line.


“So, what’s your story? How did you meet old man Frank?”


“I, uh, he’s my landlord, I guess. He woke me up one more morning and made me get breakfast with him. It was pretty strange, is that normal behavior for him? It turned out to be pleasant enough so, here I am.” Tim looked over at Holly. She was stunning, something he hadn’t noticed outside in the dark. But now, under the flashing lights of the concession counter, he could see her careful lines, graceful and purposeful movements, and natural beauty. She was playful like Frank, but much cuter. 


“Hah, yeah, that doesn’t surprise me. I’ve never heard of him doing something like that before, but it doesn’t surprise me. I think the weirdest thing he’s done, at least that I know of, is one time he rented this very movie theater, the whole thing, who knows how much it cost him, invited all of his tenants and friends and stuff, and played reruns of Star Trek in one theater, The Office in another, Game of Thrones in another, and Mad Men in another. The other theaters were playing their regularly scheduled movies. Anyway, I think he’s planning on making it an annual thing.”


“Hmm. That is kind of awesome. But, yeah, kind of strange and definitely way more elaborate than it needs to be, I’d say…”


“He tends to not do simple. I think it bores him. He’s always been that way. Anyway, so, you sound different… slightly southern or something. What’s that about?”


“Really? No one has ever told me that before. I’m from North Carolina, Statesville, so like an hour north of Charlotte… if you know where that is.”


“Nope. What are you doing here? I mean, I don’t mind you being here, but how did that happen?” She smiled.


“Well, there’s not much going on in Statesville, so I just decided to try my luck elsewhere. Philadelphia seemed as good of place as any. Plus, I like history a lot, so… Philadelphia… and yeah.”


“And have you found what you are looking for?”


“I, uh, not quite. I mean, things will fall into place more and more, I think, I hope. I still don’t have a job. That can be stressful, but at least I’m not homeless, I guess. I don’t know how well I’d do at that. So that’s a tally in the positives column, right?” Tim paused while Holly ordered a soda and Skittles. “What about you, what do you do?”


“I don’t know, still figuring that out, I guess. Right now, I’m hanging out with weird, old man Frank, and his weird friends. But, one of them is kind of cute. Do you know if that Daniel guy is single?” She smiled again. “I work at a boutique right now, but I’d like to be a full time photographer.”


Tim’s stomach churned and tightened. He got the same lightheaded feeling at the top of a roller coaster as it started it’s descent or while standing on the platform as a train zipped past. It was a seeming breathlessness though there was no physical reason for him not being able to breath. Was she talking about him? Obviously she was joking about Daniel, but that meant that she either thought Tim was cute or she was joking about the whole thing. The rush of uncertainty and excitement swept over his body like the onset of a narcotic, it was quick and he was unaware of it until he found himself already in an altered state. It was the first time he’d had the feeling since the beginning of his relationship with Sarah. The first time he kissed Sarah, or rather Sarah kissed him--she happened to be more assertive than he--he felt like he was having an out of body experience. He floated above the couch they were sitting on while a girl’s tongue, Sarah’s tongue, swirled around in his head’s mouth. “What is happening? Is this actually happening?” He thought, as Sarah used both her hands on the side of Tim’s head to pull him into her. This was far less dramatic, sure, but a pleasant, unexpected rush nonetheless. The flurry of emotion gathered in his face, coloring his cheeks and leaving him dumbstruck. Though he was confident Holly couldn’t see it, a few drops of sweat formed on his hairline.


“Wow, are you okay? Your face is all red,” Holly said slyly. 


“Yeah, yeah, I, uh, it’s just kind of hot in here, isn’t it?”


“Well, take off your coat, you weirdo. Oh, and also, take your wallet out. You need to pay for this.”


“Huh? Oh, right.” Tim took his coat off and took the wallet out of his pocket to pay.


“Thanks, Tim! It’s a date now, I guess. Unless you have a girlfriend or something or aren’t into girls.”


“No, no. I like girls. I don’t have a girlfriend,” Tim said slowly.


“You don’t sound too sure of that, I’m not asking you out or anything, I’m just trying to get to know the guy who just bought me Coke and Skittles on our date.”


“Hah, right. Well, I guess that’s another reason I moved, I’ve been on again off again with this girl for awhile and we are off again right now and it was just getting to be too much. That, and I was just felt like I was getting stuck in these moments that were all too similar to experiences I already had, but were slightly worse versions each time. Like Groundhog Day or something, you know? The same people doing the same things, but slightly less fun than the time before. At some point I realized it was just making me nostalgic and sad that things would never be as good as they were so I figured it would be easier to just leave then pretend like I was enjoying stuff I really wasn’t.”


“Wow, that’s a lot to disclose on a first date. You didn’t actually think that through before telling me, did you? Do you want a do over?” She laughed.


“Haha, hey, come on… you asked.”


“I guess that’s true. So what you’re saying is you don’t like to even try to have fun because you’ll just compare it to some perfect, unattainable past experience?”


“Hah, no, no! Okay, give me a do over, I’ll take the do over.”


“Okay, okay. So… Uh, I don’t even remember what I asked to elicit that response. Umm…”


“You asked if I had a girlfriend assuming I even liked girls.”


“Right, okay. So do you have a girlfriend?”


“No, no girlfriend. I’ve been in and out of a relationship with this one girl in Statesville, but I just found out she’s dating my best friend now, so I’m pretty sure that’s done. It wasn’t really the most healthy relationship either, a lot of miscommunication, or just lack of communication, and distrust. Anyway, I just moved out here to try something new, for a little adventure. Besides having gone to Ecuador in high school, I haven’t traveled very little and seen very little of the world and US.”


“Haha, better, but still a lot to disclose on a first date maybe. But I like it,” They walked into the theater and found seats.


“Yeah, well, let’s hear your story. Do you have a boyfriend, assuming you are into boys?”


“Nope, no boyfriend.”


“What, that’s it?”


“Shh, the movie is starting!”


The lights in the theater faded out and the speaker system turned up, but Tim could see a smirk on Holly’s face before he turned his attention to the screen.


Tim tried to focus on the movie, a comedy about a man who volunteered to help his friends out by babysitting their kid while they had a day to themselves. The man took the kid to the zoo and quickly lost the child in a crowd. The rest of the movie revolved around the man frantically trying to find the kid in a mess of people, animals, and poor choices. The movie culminated in one final folly as the man, tired, dirty, and distraught tripped and somehow fell into a the den with lions. As the man, visibly succumbing to his likely fate, dropped his head into his hands. It was at that moment, he heard the child. He looked up and saw the child stroking the a lion and saying, “good cat, good cat.” Tim managed to grasp the basic plot line of the movie in the event that he had to have a conversation about it later, but he knew he had missed some of the finer moments. At one point in the movie something happened that was funny enough to make most of the audience laugh out loud. Holly looked over at Tim to see if he was enjoying the film, but Tim was still caught in a whirlwind of questioning and analyzing his conversation with her up until this point. Could she possibly be interested in him? She had joked about one of her dad’s friends being cute, even she had said that about Daniel, she was probably joking about that, but could’ve been joking about the whole thing altogether. Then, she had joked about them being on a date because he paid for her snacks. She didn’t just joke about it once, she joked about it three times, or was it more? In any case, why would she joke about it if she wasn’t at least a little serious, surely she knew how guys were and how they would take every slight shred of hope as a sign that they were in the green. 


They got up and started to walk out of the theater. 


“So what did you think about the movie?” Holly asked Tim.


“Well, I guess it was pretty good… what do you think?” Tim lied just like Sarah had lied to him many years ago about the Arctic Monkeys many years ago. Surely if Sarah had picked the movie she would’ve liked it, Tim thought.


“Are you serious?! It was terrible, it was so terrible it was painful! I mean, that was the point, you know? I usually love watching awful movies because they are so fun to make fun of, but that one was just beyond awful. I felt like I was watching Paul Blart: Mall Cop again. Which parts did you like?” 


“Uh, well, I didn’t really like it, I just kind of lied. I have this problem with being too accommodating. I like to just be amenable. I guess it kind of backfired there,” Tim shrugged and laughed.


“Haha, well we’ll have to work on that. Let’s try right now. What did you think of the movie?”


“Ugh, it was painful, I couldn’t focus on anything in the movie because the acting was horrific. The plot was predictable and trudged along at a snail’s pace. But… despite it being such an incredibly horrid, torturous, traumatic, and scarring experience, I must say, it’s probably the most fun I’ve had in a couple of months. I mean, your dad is a little overbearing and strangely relentless, but it’s actually been really fun… so maybe terrible movies that are past the point of making fun of because they are so bad are not so terrible at all. Maybe I should do this more often. It’s kept my mind off of things I’d rather not think about. And I got to meet you, so that is cool. You bring my grand total of people I know in this city up to three. So, that’s cool for me.”


“Better. That’s better. We still have some work to do yet, but I think we can figure that out later. And you can take me to a awful movie anytime. Here, give me your phone.” Tim handed Holly his phone. “Looks like you could use a new phone, seems like it could crumble in my hands at any moment. Uh huh, there you go, and now I’ll call me from your phone so I have your number and so you can’t escape.”


“Believe me, I can escape… I’ll just move to a new city. I’m super good at it. Finding a job, no problem. Meeting people, easy peasy. Saving money, puhlease, too simple.”


“Haha, right. Okay then, I guess I’m off. Daniel, it was a pleasure meeting you, sorry about the awful movie.”


“Oh good, it was awful! Phew, I thought maybe that all film was just terrible these days and that was actually one of the better ones. It was nice to meet you too, Holly. Have a good night!”


“Old man Frank. Thanks for the movie, see you when I see you. Don’t be too weird this week.”


“Bye, little lady.”


Holly cinched her coat and bounded down the sidewalk away from the theater. 


“Okay, well, that is a couple of hours of my life I can never get back. I think I’m going to go home and cry into my pillow about it,” Frank bid farewell to Daniel and Tim and left the theater as well.


“Hey, don’t forget to scan and email that letter to Samantha and ask her about Arthur’s belongings, whether or not she has some or some other family members have anything,” Daniel said to Tim.


“Good reminder. I’ll do that when I get home.”


“Also, you should read more of that book and come by the store tomorrow. If you want.”


“Yeah, of course. Have a good night Daniel.”


“You too, see you!”


Tim walked away from the theater with something he hadn’t expected. While he was still painfully aware of Sarah and Brent’s seeming betraying new relationship, he felt some hope about his future. Whether or not Holly was actually interested in Tim or just flirting for the sake of flirting, which if that were the case was kind of sadistic, was definitely intriguing to Tim, but he was starting to feel like it was possible to have a connection with other people again--a feeling he resigned himself to never being able to have again.


Upon returning to his apartment, Tim took some pictures of the letter and emailed them to Samantha with a note asking her if she or any other family member might have kept any of Arthur’s belongings and if any of those belongings--journals, pictures, letters, postcards, or anything else--might have information that could help put them in touch with Judith. After a few episodes of Degrassi: The Next Generation, Tim retired to his comfortable, memory-foam bed. 


-


Tim breathed heavily as he struggled up the steep, mountain incline. It was summer and though he had started early in the morning before the sun rose, his hike had was scheduled to take him most of the day and was it was beginning to warm up despite him gaining altitude quickly. Sweat formed around his hairline and fell, hanging in his eyebrow for a few moments before dropping into his eyes. One of the things Tim missed most about having long hair was how most of his sweat was absorbed into his hair and he rarely had to wipe his face off. He took off his light coat and shoved it into his backpack. The trail Tim was hiking was hidden in the North Carolinian Appalachian mountains. The first time he had hiked it he had been caught off guard by the nearly mile elevation gain in just the short five mile length of the trail. This time, Tim was prepared with plenty of water, time, and better knowledge of the rocky terrain. The trail, which was headed at the end of a neighborhood street, wounded lazily through mixed oak foothills before it launched upwards along the mountainside. As the elevation increased the forests transitioned from being primarily populated by oaks to Red and Norway Spruce and eventually to Fraser Firs though many were dead and dying due to the balsam woolly adelgids infestation. Tim took a break on a boulder on the side of the trail. He was getting close to the end of the trail. As more and more of the trail was spent walking on top of the underlying rock, cairns popped up to marked the path to follow. The Appalachians stretched out for as far as Tim could see, canvassed in green. Above him, somewhere, a secluded lake waited for him. Tim got up and continued up the trail. The wind blew slightly across his face, cooling his body. He felt good. His muscles burned and his lungs struggled to intake enough oxygen, but he felt slightly euphoric. The scenery was calming and invigorating all at once. Before too long, the trail leveled out and opened into a alcove in the mountain side. He had made it to the lake. It was if someone had used a giant ice cream scoop to take out a section of the mountain and then filled the hole with water. There was a small beach circling the water which was just wide enough to walk along. Within arms’ length of the beach on one side was the dark, clear water and on the other were trees that continued jutting up the mountainside to the peak. From across the lake Tim could see somebody in the water. As he rounded the lake counter-clockwise he reached down and felt the water. It was cold, far colder than what would be considered comfortable. As he got closer a voice called out to him.


“Tim!” The figure waved. Tim waved back confused not only that someone would be swimming in such cold water, but that the person would know Tim. The figure swam closer. It was Holly. 


“Come on! Get in! It feels great!”


“Are you crazy? This is snow run off, it’s probably like 55 degrees or something!”


“Trust me, it feels great, then when you start to get too cold, you just lay out in the sun on the rocks.” She pointed behind Tim. He looked over his shoulder. Watery footprints led up the stone to an amorphous water stain already being dried out by the sun. “Come on, it’ll be fun!” She beckoned again.


Tim conceded and put down his backpack and started taking his shoes and socks off. Holly chirped with glee and swung her hand around, skimming the top of the water, shooting thin waves of frigid water at Tim. 


“Ooo, you’re starting something I’m not sure you’re going to want to finish!” Tim warned.


“Bring it, Timmy!” 


“Tim! What are you doing? Come on, we’re leaving!” A familiar voice called out from the trail. Tim turned just as he was stepping into the cold, mountain lake. 


“Sarah? What are you doing here?” 


“I followed you, I knew you were up to something, and I was right. Now come on, we’re leaving. I want to go back home and watch a movie.”


“Sorry, Holly, I guess I have to go,” Tim shrunk back and started putting his clothes back on.


“I thought you guys were broken up…”


“I… I… I don’t know. It’s complicated.”


“Alright, well, see you…” Holly swam underwater.


-


Tim woke with a headache. Sarah’s cameo in his dream left him feeling guilty for having almost swam in a dream lake after a long and sweaty dream hike with dream Holly. At the same time he felt bad for having turned down a completely innocuous swim with Holly just because Sarah had shown up and demanded that they leave. It was indicative of his and Sarah's relationship. They were both insecure and jealous and tended to be unreasonable when they demanded things of each other. Even after moving over 500 miles away, he still felt Sarah. She drove him crazy and yet he missed her. He missed being needed, loved, and yelled at. The fiery derision with which they argued was interpreted by Tim to be passion. They fought with each other so fiercely because they cared so deeply for the other person. Tim had known nothing else. His parents fought constantly through his youth, and though their relationship seemed to have reached a state of amicability they also seemed to be just “okay”. What was better anyway? A relationship that teetered back and forth like bipolar mood swings or a relationship tempered with kindness and patience, but drowsy with seroquel like side effects? Tim wasn’t sure. 


Tim rolled over in bed and checked his phone. He had an email from Samantha.


“Hey Tim, 


Thanks for the email. It was so great to read that from my cousin. Even though the letter was mostly about Judith and his relationship with her, it definitely added a dimension of character and life and I felt like I got to know him a little better. As for your question about any belongings of Arthur’s, I’m afraid there isn’t much. I can take a look at what we kept, but most of it was sold or donated. I’ll let you know in a couple of days what I can find.


Thanks,
Samantha”


The floor rattled as the some piece of heavy machinery outside moved some heavy piece of debris into a different pile of debris. The jackhammering had ceased a couple of weeks ago, but the construction turbulence had continued. Each morning he woke up to a new track of smashing, clattering, pounding, yelling, honking, and beeping. It had become less jarring over time, but remained just as obnoxious, and though he desperately wished for it to stop, in a strange way he feared what would happen if it did stop. What would he be left with? He often thought about his heart beating in the same manner. He hated feeling his heartbeat. The thought about his heart pushing blood around in his veins scared him. What if it stopped beating? There must be some amount of time in between a heart stopping and the heart’s host losing consciousness and dying. Would he be able to feel the blood congeal in his veins? Would he be left waiting while he chilled and turned into raw, gelatinous mahi. He hated feeling the thumping in his chest and outside his apartment, but was afraid of it going away even if that just meant it had moved down the street and out of earshot. 


After a few hours of laying in bed playing around on his phone, Tim got ready for the day. He drank a cup of coffee by the window trying to get a glimpse at the construction workers on the street below. Over the last few weeks, the site had been demoed, cleaned, and they were now beginning to start construction on something. The space was nearly half the size of the block and the steel skeleton was already extending three floors into the air. 


His phone vibrated on the table next to him. He picked it up. It was a text from Holly.


“Hey, I’m headed to brunch, want to meet up?”


Tim smiled, he had hoped that she would text him. Tim found it refreshing that Holly was so pursuant of a relationship with him, whether friendly or otherwise. He was starting to get an idea of what Frank meant when he said, “now you’ll see who really runs the show.” She was confident, vocal, and opinionated, which were all new traits to Tim. He was hopeful that she was interested in being more than just friends, but he was trying to remain calm, cool, and collected as he had a tendency to fall in love, or believe he was in love, with a girl well before a socially acceptable amount of time. His only serious relationship had been with Sarah, but even while dating her he had found himself planning his future with random girls with whom he was friendly or even those he had just met.


“Sure, where are you headed?” Tim responded. Just as he was setting the phone down on the table, it buzzed again. 


“I’m on Market St and 10th. Should we meet at Reading Terminal Market?”


“Yeah, sure. I can be there in like 20 minutes.”


“Great, see you soon.”


Tim showered and left his apartment. It was a clear, bright day. It always seemed to Tim that visibility increased in the cold months. Maybe it was the humidity being lower or that there were fewer people around which made for fewer distractions. Maybe the less you had to look at, the more you noticed just how far you could see in the distance. He felt like a superhero who had was just discovering his abilities. The clouds above him were puffy, white cumulus cotton balls sleepily floating through the sky like lily pads on a lake. Tim had, on occasion, thought about what he would pick if he could chose a superpower on his own. The ability to learn anything about anything in a short period of time definitely made the top of his list, although part of the excitement of being knowledgeable or good at something was to be found in the trial and error or learning about that thing. After seeing an online poll asking users to vote on their favorite super power, Tim had thought that it would be fun to have the ability to time travel. Though his favorite decade for music was the 80s and he probably would’ve fit right in with the people of that decade, he also longed to see the industrial revolution, the renaissance, the gold rush, and a number of other decades. Of course, if he had the superpower to time travel he could theoretically see just about any era.


“Timmy!” Holly pushed off the light pole she was standing against when she saw Tim walking towards her.


Tim waved, “Hey there, young one.”


“Young one? You don’t even know how old I am, do you?”


“Uh, no, I don’t even know why I said that. I don’t think I’ve ever called someone that before in my life.”


“Well, eventually you will need to come up with a pet name for me, but I don’t think that is the one. Should we go eat?”


“Yes, but are there cheap options? Contrary to what you might believe, being unemployed isn’t paying out so well these days.”


“Oh, no worries. We can use old man Frank’s credit card. I’m not exactly proud that he still supports floats his 25 year old daughter, but I’m not exactly going to turn down free food, clothes, movies, you know…? Just the basics, the necessities,” She flipped her hair sarcastically.


“Wait, you have old man Frank’s credit card and you still had me pay for the snacks at the movie last night?”


“Hmm… oh, yeah, you mean you didn’t want to take me out on that wonderful date? You would’ve rather the both of us be Frank’s date, in addition to Daniel?”


“Right, good point.”


“Anyway, I want some Mexican food, does that work for you?” 


“Sure.”


“You aren’t lying are you? This isn’t a repeat of the movie incident is it?”


“Mexican food sounds perfect. Let’s do it.”


“Let’s do it? You’ve been hanging around my dad for too long.”


The two ate burritos and spoke about music. Holly, though being a big fan of old folk artists like Neil Young, James Taylor, and Cat Stevens, she also admitted to Tim that she loved contemporary pop music. 


“Just put me in a room all day with Katy Perry, Nicki Minaj, Taylor Swift, and Justin Bieber on repeat and I’ll be happy. I’m waiting for the day when Justin Bieber decides to soundtrack a rom com in which he also plays the lead role.”


“And who would play the leading lady? Or, love interest, I suppose.”


“Me, obviously. We’re pretty much perfect for each other, is that not obvious?”


“What are you hanging out with me then? Shouldn’t you be hanging with your boo?”


“Yeah, he’s got this thing called a job, I’m not sure if you’ve heard of it, but basically it’s something people have in order to depress themselves to the point of wanting to quit life. Anyway, it’s not exactly cheap keeping me happy, so he’s out earning them dollar bills.”


“Right, right… I have heard of those things.”


Tim’s phone buzzed on the table. 


“Oooh! Who is it? Is it a girl? Is it the girl? The ‘on again off again’ girl? Tell her ‘hi’ from me!”


Tim picked up his phone. “No, no, haha, it’s an email from this Samantha person. I’m on a bit of a case right now. You see, I’m a bit of an undercover detective, err, private investigator and I’m trying to find woman. I have a letter I need to deliver to this woman that was written by her lover back in the late 50s. This Samantha person is just about the only lead I have left in the case. If she doesn’t come through on this, I just don’t know what to do.”


“Well, what does she say? Can she help?”


“Uhh, let’s see. ‘Hey Tim, I dug out a box that belonged to cousin Arthur. Turns out there are some journals of his in there. I’m not sure if there is anything in there that can help, but I thought you might want to know. I don’t know the best way to get them to you. I guess I could ship them, I would just want to make sure to get them back. I’d offer to read through them, but I’m not sure I have the time or patience for that. What do you want to do?’ Ooooh, hot lead, still hot on the case!”


“Great! That is definitely good news. Email her back, give her your address. I can help you read through them.”


“Yeah, I could do that, but I think I have a better idea. This is going to sound real crazy seeing how we’ve known each other for less than 24 hours, but I’m thinking it might be fun to just drive out there and check it out. You want to come?”


“Oh my gosh, are you, someone I don’t know at all, actually inviting me on a road trip to some undisclosed location? That is so sweet! What should I wear? I want to look beautiful when you pretend the car has broken down and you pull over to the side of the road where you’ll feign distress, wrap your hands around my throat, and strangle the life out of me. Oh! I should wear my expensive gold chain to give you a little help and as a little victory prize when you finish.” Holly swayed back and forth dramatically, flipping her hair over her shoulder.


“So that’s a ‘yes’?! Thank you so much, I usually try to get to know the girls I’m going to kill a little better before hand, but with you, it just feels right, you know? I just feel like I can really trust you to look me in the eye while your body falls lifeless in my arms.”


“It does feel right, doesn’t it?”


“It really does! Anyway, I could find out where it is exactly and let you know. You don’t have to decide right away, but I’m kind of going to need an answer right away. I do know it’s in New York. I’m pretty sure Samantha said she lives in New York, so that couldn’t be too far no matter what, right? No more than like eight hours or something. Could be fun.”


“That sounds right, I don’t actually know, but sounds right. You could’ve said 30 hours and I would’ve believed you. But I’m in. Can we go next weekend? I’m working most of this week and it’s probably a little too late to get out of it.”


“Yeah, I’ll find out where and make the accommodations and we’ll just charge it all to old man Frank!”


“Perfect! He’ll think you’ve kidnapped me, which I won’t deny if he calls to ask what happened to me.”


“Hmm, this trip sounded more exciting when there was murder involved, now we’ve downgraded to just kidnapping. I don’t know if I want to go anymore. Yeah, you can just go without me.”


“No, no, you don’t get it, see, you kidnap me, then I murder you. There’s still a murder, everyone’s still happy, everyone still comes along, but there is a bit of a twist, no one will see it coming.”


“Ah, I love it! I can’t believe I didn’t think of it myself. So, how would you kill me? Or is that a surprise?”


“Poison. No doubt. Poison your dinner so you die in your sleep. No fuss, no mess, no one is the wiser until the autopsy report comes back at which point I’ll have already emptied your bank accounts and skipped the country to a Grecian villa. 


“Oh, wow, so you’ve thought about this? You’ve planned this out already?”


“Oh, Timmy. So naive. I’ve been watching you. I’ve known you long before you moved to Philadelphia. I am the one who has been orchestrating your entire life for the past eight years. Everything down to what kind of underwear you are wearing is part of the plan.”


“Ohhh, wow. Yeah, I had no idea. So I guess you know I’m not wearing underwear then!”


“Uhhh, no, that’s not part of the plan!”


They both laughed. Tim was enjoying his time and Holly seemed to be enjoying hers as well. Tim emailed Samantha back and asked if he could drive out to where she was and look through the journals himself. At this very moment he didn’t much care if he found Judith or was able to pass the letter of to someone who might care about it more than he. At this very moment he was trying to figure out what was happening. Though it wasn’t the first time he’d thought about his life in the last few months, it was the first time he thought about his life and the future instead of the past. He had spent weeks torturing himself with memories from the past--analyzing conversations, reliving moments, and berating himself over mistakes he’d made, or thought he had made. In this moment, he was grounded. He was in Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania eating Mexican food on Monday the 1st of December, 2015. He was sitting in front of a beautiful girl whom, despite having met just a day ago, he felt confident in his ability to become good friends with or perhaps more. She was the daughter of his landlord who, though he had only been friendly with the last few days, felt like he was able to connect with better than most people he knew back in Statesville. He was still unemployed and not particularly closer to locking down a position anywhere that interested him, but this fact didn’t bother him as much as it had before. The couple of months had been tough, but he had made it through to see the other side. Frank had been right. Even though it was impossible to promise things would get better, the possibility that they could was enough to see Tim through. Tim’s father used to counsel Tim under the guideline to imagine the worst possible scenario, the worst possible outcome to a choice he might have to make. If the worst possible scenario seemed unbearable or impossible to navigate then you don’t make the choice that could potentially lead to that scenario. Tim had moved to Philadelphia using this guideline. His worst case scenario was moving back to Statesville, get his old job back, maybe move back in with his parents for awhile if he had to. Since he had moved to Philadelphia that scenario threatened him almost daily. It was the pounding that woke him every morning. It was the unimaginable loneliness he had felt day in and day out especially after finding out Brent and Sarah. It was the futility of his job search and daily existence. Now, however, in this moment, the pounding had stopped. He felt the worst case scenario shrink back into the shadows of his mind. Of course it could pop back up at any moment, but for now, he was able to focus on other scenarios he had thought on before moving. Perhaps he’d get a good job, meet cool people, and have a couple of years of fun before realizing he wanted to be closer to family and his old friends. Perhaps he’d get a good job, meet cool people, and stay in Philadelphia for a long time. Perhaps he’d get a good job, meet cool people, and move to somewhere else to pursue a career or a girl. Possibilities seemed to open up for Tim again. He felt like he was remembering how to have fun again, a feeling with which he was familiar, but had not felt in a long time. For a long time, the concept of having fun seemed like a formula to Tim and he treated it as such: do things that are enjoyable, with people that are enjoyable and voila! You’ll have fun! Tim found himself in these situations, which for all intents and purposes should’ve been fun, again and again, and he constantly found himself faking the facial expressions people expected him to have. He’d fake the smile, the laugh at the stupid jokes, the nods of understanding, the serious look of interest in what someone was saying, and the casual conversation. It never felt right. He tried tweaking the formula by trying new things about which he was uncertain if he’d enjoy even on good days. He went to bars, to indie concerts, movies directed by the Coen Brothers or Wes Anderson, he tried book clubs, and sports games. He laughed at all the right times and shook hands with all the right people, but he just didn’t feel it. The truth was, which Tim was beginning to understand again, having fun was not a formula, it just happens if you are able to let it happen. There are times when you mind doesn’t let you have fun and those are the troubling times when you turn against yourself. Tim hadn’t learned how to stave these moments off yet, but he was at least able to recognize when it was happening. When your mind finally let’s you out of its clutches, fun will come to you. It may take awhile to remember how to do the thing you only vaguely remember doing, but it will come back to you. 


-


It had been two weeks since Tim had emailed Samantha, and as he had yet to receive a reply from her he was fairly confident that it was a lost cause. He was still interested in driving out to New York to take a look, but he didn’t want bother Samantha, especially if she felt uncomfortable about it. He was left wondering what he should do with the letter. Perhaps he could post it to craigslist missed connections or on reddit, people might enjoy reading a love letter from that time period and if it received enough attention maybe someone who knew Judith could get him in touch with her, assuming she were around. 


Tim was pleasantly surprised to wake up without the encouragement of the construction below him. The weather had worsened, temperatures plummeted, and snow had fallen twice in the last week alone. After last night’s snow the foreman must have called the project off for the season as the snow was left draping over the steel, skeletal building and all of the equipment was gone. There was no shouting over the crunching, slamming, beeping, and shaking. His apartment was quiet, the building steady. The best part about the cease in construction was Tim no longer had anxiety about it stopping. His head was clear and he was able to think and it turned out his thoughts were pretty good. 


Tim and Holly were spending time with each other on a consistent basis, nearly everyday. When it was just the two of them, they spent most of their time together walking around the city, popping in and out of boutiques and coffee shops, seeing the museums and other historical sites, and watching TV because neither of them had a lot of money to spare. When they were with Holly’s father, Frank, who invariably picked up the bulk of the expense, they went to movies, concerts, and restaurants. Daniel frequently joined them as well, but had become increasingly interested in making over his store into a venue like Frank and Tim had suggested. He hadn’t started any of the actual renovations, but had been drawing up plans and consulting with banks on what it would take to get a loan. Daniel had asked Tim to head up the rebranding of Oliver T’s. He frequently met up with Holly in coffee shops to work and bounce ideas off of her. She had a keen creative eye and happened to be a pleasant person to be with as well. Tim had plans to meet with her later in the day and was getting ready when his phone buzzed. It was Samantha.


“Hey Tim,


I’m so sorry for the late response. We had some family stuff we had to take care of, but everything seems to have settled for the moment. If you’d still like to come out and take a look at the journals you are welcome to. Like I said, I don’t know if you’ll find what you are looking for in them or of you’ll find anything of relevance at all, but they are just sitting here in my garage. Anyway, let me know when you might want to come, if you want to come and I can coordinate to meet you during the day somewhere nearby my home. Sorry again. 


Best, 
Samantha.”


Cheering, Tim called Holly up to tell her the good news.


“Holly! So, remember that road trip I was going to kidnap and take you on?”


“The one that ended in your murder and my extrication to Greece? Of course, how could I forget something so romantic?”


“Yeah, it’s back on! Samantha just got back to me, she had some kind of family stuff she had to take care of, but is totally game if we drive out there and take a look at some old journals. What do you say? You still in?”


“Oh Timmy! Are you asking me on a date?”


“Yep, a bonafide date. As long as we can still charge it to old man Frank, of course.”


“Naturally. When do you want to go, where is it?”


“Uhh, still don’t know the answer to either of those questions, but I will find out soon. Still meeting up in a couple of hours, right? Hopefully, I’ll have an answer for you then.”


Tim emailed Samantha back to let her know he was definitely still interested in driving out to New York to look at what she had. 


“Samantha, 


Thanks for getting back to me, no worries about the late response, I hope all is well on the home front. I would love to meet up with you and look through the journals. I think the sooner the better as Christmas is approaching and things become exponentially more complicated with timing. Would my friend and I be able to come this coming weekend? Depending on how far the drive is we could meet up Saturday afternoon. We are in Philadelphia, not sure if I mentioned that already or not, so  we would be leaving Friday evening after my friend’s work. Anyway, I’m getting excited.


Speak soon,


Tim”


Tim finished getting ready and left to go meet Holly. They were going to the Free Library of Philadelphia to work on Oliver T’s new website and get some coffee. The library had become one of their favorite places to meet up. The building was beautiful and relatively quiet during the day and they enjoyed the coffee bar inside which was run by an organization that provided services to people experiencing chronic homelessness. The coffee bar itself was employed by formerly homeless individuals who often went on to go back to school, reconnect with family, or find other employment. 


On his way to the library, Samantha email Tim again.


“Tim, 


This weekend would be fine. I love in Central Valley so we could meet at a number of places that are nearby. If you wanted to get some Christmas shopping in there is a world famous outlet mall a couple miles away. We could meet there. I’ll give you my phone number and we can make more concrete plans. Saturday would work well for me. Pretty much anytime. It is about a two and a half hour drive to Philadelphia from here, so you could even leave Saturday morning if you wanted to be here by Saturday afternoon. 


Samantha”


With a formulated plan in his mind, Tim met up with Holly at the library’s cafe. Holly consistently arrived for everything before Tim. It’s not that Tim was perpetually late, or even frequently late, Holly was just always early. They had once planned to meet up at Daniel’s bookstore at a certain time and upon Holly seeing Tim walk down the sidewalk towards her with Oliver T’s bookstore in between them both she broke out into a run so she could enter the store first and stand waiting for Tim. She was again waiting for him at a small table in the corner of the cafe. 


“I’ve got it all worked out. You work Friday until eight or something, right? So, we’ll leave first thing Saturday morning, you know maybe around, nine in the morning, and which should put us in Central Valley before noon. We meet up with Samantha, dig through some old journals for a few hours. Then we can do some shopping at the Woodbury Outlet Malls. They have some really high end outlets there, which might be cool. Then we could get dinner and head back, or if we are having fun and want to hang out more, stay the night, and come back Sunday. Super easy because it’s only two and half hours away. What do you think?”


“Uh, yeah, duh! I love it. I’ve actually heard of those outlet malls, I’ve wondered if they are really as good as I’ve heard they are. We have a pretty decent outlet mall here so I’ll be able to compare. And, I don’t know much about Central Valley, but maybe we should just book a night there for fun anyway. Really make a weekend out of it.”


“I mean, yeah, if you want to. I’m definitely game. Let’s see what else there is to do up that direction. I wonder how far it is from the New York City.”


“I checked that out actually. It’s like an hour and a half. So we could drive into the city and spend the night there. Spend all of Sunday in New York City. Drive back Sunday night. I think New York City to Philadelphia is like two hours, so that’s not too bad either.”


“Oh, yeah, let’s do that. It’s been a few years since I’ve been to NYC, sounds fun!”


“I wonder if I should invite your dad and Daniel… I mean they were pretty invested in solving this little puzzle earlier on. They’d probably be pretty bummed if they found out we went without them.”


“That’s probably true, of course if they come, I probably won’t be able to get away with killing you, which kind of throws everything off… but I guess you have to do what you have to do.”


“Yeah, I think I probably should let them know. Anyway, you want a coffee? I’m going to head up there.”


“Yeah, mmm… can you get me a mocha?”


“Sure.”


Tim walked up the counter


Two baristas were behind the counter, both with their back to Tim. One of them seemed to be showing the other how to clean a machine. “Excuse me, can I get two small mochas?” The baristas turned around and wiped their hands on their aprons. Tim recognized one of them--the kind, tired eyes, the unruly facial hair that connected his chest hair to the hair on his head, and the wide grin exposing poor dental hygiene.


“Joe?”


“Woah, man! Tim! This is crazy. I knew I’d run into you sooner or later, or at least I was hoping I would! I still have your number, I just wanted to get a little more set up before I called you up.”


“What are you doing here?”


“Well, I don’t know exactly. I guess you kind of inspired me to try to move somewhere, leave the past in the past, and get set up elsewhere. I knew Philadelphia had some pretty good programs for homeless people, so I thought I try it up here. This program helped me get into housing, it helped that I had been homeless for so long, I guess, and now they set me up with this job. It’s only my second day and I’ll undoubtedly mess up your order, but I’m excited. I feel like things are moving in a direction I feel positively about! How are things with you?”


“Wow, that is crazy and awesome. Congratulations! Things are pretty good, actually. They weren’t for a while, but they have turned around quite a bit in the last couple of weeks. I still don’t know exactly what I’m doing here, I’ve been working a little bit for a friend of mine, but nothing permanent, but I feel about where things are headed, too. Oh, man, this is just crazy. I’m happy to have run into you! I’ll have to introduce you to some people I know. And when I say ‘some people’ I mean three people. I am friends with exactly three people in this city… well, four now.”


“That would be great! Let me write down my number, it’s just a landline so don’t try to text it or you’ll be waiting endlessly for a reply. Why don’t you call me this weekend and we can get together or something. Is that alright?”


“I mean, yeah, well, no, this weekend I’m going to be out of town for a couple of days, but definitely next weekend.”


“Great! Perfect! So, did you want some coffee, I guess?”


“Yeah, two small mochas, please.”


The two continued to talk at the counter while Joe made the drinks. 


“Well, talk to you soon, Joe!” Tim walked back to the table where Holly was sitting.


“Who was that?”


“That is Joe. I met him in Washington DC on my way out here. He’s been homeless for like 20 years or something, just moved here and got into a housing program and now an employment program. I thought maybe we could take him out to eat sometime, introduce him to Frank and Daniel. He was just about the only friendly person to me until I met Daniel, then you dad, and you. I’d like to be able to show him some hospitality, too.”


“Great. Do you want to introduce me? Or… should I just stay slinking in this chair?”


“Uh… yeah, whoops, sorry about that. Yeah let’s go up there again.”


The two walked up to the counter. “Joe, I want you to meet my friend Holly. Holly, this is Joe.” 


“Joe, so nice to meet you. Oh, and by the way, we’re dating, so if you moved up here to try and steal Tim’s heart away, you’re a little too late.” Holly smiled and held out her hand.”


Tim spun his head around to face Holly. He could feel his face heating up as his heart fist pumped inside his chest. He smiled at Holly.


“Haha, I like her, Tim, well done. It’s nice to meet you too, Holly.”
-


Saturday came and Tim and Holly loaded up Tim’s Geo Metro. Tim had invited along Frank and Daniel, but told them they’d have to drive themselves. Tim’s car did have four seat belts, but the back seat got really uncomfortable really quickly unless you were under four feet tall. Frank had offered to rent a car so they could all drive together, but Daniel, perhaps sensing that Tim was hoping to ride alone with Holly, had shot the idea down.


“That’s silly, I’ll drive, too. There’s no need to rent a car.”


Being that both Tim and Daniel’s cars were older and slightly temperamental they planned to caravan to Central Valley. 


“Let’s do this!” Frank shouted as Tim and Holly pulled up to where he and Daniel were loading the car. “I’m so ready to crack this case wide open and reunite Judith with Mr. Lover Boy!”


“Everyone ready? Let’s rock and roll!” Tim said as he hung out of the driver side window. 


The caravan left. Tim and Holly in one car, Daniel and Frank in another. 


Holly suggested that she and Tim play 20 questions.


“It’s one of my favorite road trip games!” She said excitedly. “Also, since I’m co-captain, I’m get to chose the music, and I chose Paul Simon, Graceland. It’s my roadtrip music.”


“Okay. I think I can get into that.”


The two played 20 questions--Holly picked Encino Man, which Tim was unable to guess. Tim picked the letter Arthur wrote to Judith. Holly guessed it after seven questions. They drove through quaint New England towns as they drove north. When Graceland finished, Holly turned on Justin Bieber and sang duets to What Do You Mean and I’ll Show You. Tim was impressed, she had a great voice which made the songs slightly appealing to him. He watched her out of the corner of his eye as she danced the best she could while constrained by a seat belt, sitting down. He laughed.


“Come on, sing along, you must know the chorus to this song by now, right?”


Tim sang with her. Then, as the song ended and the next track came on, he felt himself lift out of his body and float above the roof of the car. He watched himself and Holly, below, as if the roof of the car had been removed, sway back and forth to the beat of Justin Bieber. He had food, he had clothing, he had shelter, but more than that he felt like he had some purpose, direction, and a new sense of belongingness. More strange than the feeling that he was watching himself from above was the sense that he didn’t have any worries, at least at the moment. He would’ve had to search for his troubles if he wanted to find one, they had been pushed out his mind by the present. He felt grounded and fully aware. 


The caravan arrived in Central Valley just before noon. Tim called Samantha.


“Samantha! Hi, it’s Tim.”


“Hey, Tim. What’s up?”


“We made it to Central Valley, we were thinking we’d get some lunch at the Shake Shack and then maybe we could meet up? Does that work?”


“Sure, I can head over that way in about a half hour. I’ll call you when I get there.”

“Great, thanks! See you soon!”


Tim hung up with Samantha and turned to the group to update them.


“Okay, so she’s going to head over here in 30 minutes.”


“So, should we take bets on whether or not we find what we are looking for?” Frank asked. “I mean, you’re bound to lose betting against me, but you might as well try your luck.”


“I’ll bet we find out more about Judith, enough to track her down.” Holly clapped.


“That’s what I’m thinking, too,” Said Frank.


“I’m not so sure. I mean, we’d have to get pretty lucky. Who knows if Samantha has journals from the right years or months and if she does, who knows if there will be any more information in there. I guess I’m betting we won’t find anything that definitively tells us Judith is or how to find her,” Tim was honest. He wanted to get caught up in the positive hype that Holly and Frank were giving off, and there was a part of him that believed they’d find Judith, but he was trying to remain slightly detached so he wouldn’t be so disappointed if the search ended without finding Judith. He did the same thing when he was in school after taking a test. He’d tell himself he got a lower grade than he really thought he did. If the actual grade turned out to be that low he wouldn’t be disappointed because he had prepared himself for it, but if it turned out to be higher than what he told himself he got, he could be pleasantly surprised. However, more important to Tim than finding Judith, Tim was comfortable in his skin, he was enjoying the company of those around him, and his own company. Whatever the outcome, Tim knew the trip was a success.

“I think I’m with Tim on this one. I want to believe, but it just seems like such a long shot.” Daniel weighed in.


“Okay, votes are in. It’s me and old man Frank for finding Judith and Tim and Daniel for going home empty handed. Losers by dinner?”


They agreed and sat down to eat. Just as they were finishing up, Samantha called Tim. 


“She’s in the parking lot, she’s going to come in here since it’s freezing outside.”


A woman carrying a banker box approached the building, turned, and leaned into the door with her back. Tim jumped up and met her at the door and introduced himself.


“I’m so glad we are able to do this, thanks for meeting us. Here let me take the box. We’re just sitting over there in the corner,” Tim pointed. The group waved.


“Wow, you’ve got a little crew of investigators.


“Yeah, they’re all pretty interested in what happens, plus they were excited to come up here, it’s beautiful,” they walked over to the table. “Everyone, this is Samantha.” The group introduced themselves and shook her hand. 


“Okay, should we dig in? Oh, Samantha, do you want anything here? I feel like I owe you!” Tim offered.


“No, no, that’s alright. You don’t owe me anything, this was no problem.”


“Okay, but if I got your a meal, you’d eat it?”


“Hah, I suppose.”


Tim ran up to the counter and ordered for Samantha. Samantha sat down at the table and handed out journals to the group. 


“What was the date on the letter?” Holly asked as Tim sat down at the table. 


“June 3rd, 1957. Are there any journals from around that time?”


“Uh, not mine. This one is from 1950, but I’m surprised he has this many journals. There are like 15 journals in here. I don’t have a single journal.” Holly laughed at herself.


“Ah, but you do have like 20 social media accounts, right, and they are probably all filled with hundreds of pages of pulp, so that might the equivalent of one journal filled with worthwhile life events. Maybe,” Frank jested. 


“Here, this one if from 1957, starts on January 1st in fact. So let's fast forward to May, I guess, right? Or even April, just to make sure.” Daniel flipped through the pages as Frank and Holly looked over his shoulders. “Here’s April.”


Tim turned to Samantha who was stuck between reading the journal in front of her and leaning over the table to try and read the journal in front of Daniel. “We took bets earlier, do you think we’ll find this Judith person?”


“Oh, good question. I think it’s pretty likely. There’s got to be something in one of these journals.”


“I’m thinking you’re right. I didn’t think there’d be this many journals and I didn’t think we’d find a journal from the right year or month. Looks like I was wrong on both fronts. I’d definitely change my answer right now if I could, but I don’t think that’s how betting works.”


“You bet against it? That’ surprising. I feel like young people are believers in true love, they’re not quite as jaded as older people. You don’t believe in true love?”


“Haha, yeah, well I did. For a long time I did and then I experienced some of that cynicism that jades people. But… I think I’m starting to come around again,” Tim smiled.


“Ah hah. Looks like we have a last name… Judith Herring. He’s talking about their first meeting in the rain. It’s dated May 2nd, 1957. What else should I be looking for do you think?” Daniel peered up from the journal.


“Age would be helpful, birthday, birthplace or where her family is from, family member names, maybe social security number, you know that kind of thing.” Frank laughed at his joke.


“Got it. I will definitely be on the lookout for a string of nine numbers.”


Daniel, Holly, and Frank continued flipping through the journal while Tim got on his phone to look up “Judith Herring, New York City, 1957.” There were some Judith Herrings that came up under New York City, but nothing from that year. “Hey Daniel, maybe we should try that site your genealogy site you showed me. Want to log in for me?” Tim handed his phone to Daniel. Holly took over looking through the journal.


“Ahhh, wait, wait! Listen to this! ‘May 11th, 1957. Today was Judith’s 20th birthday. I didn’t know until I happened to come across her friend Margaret who lives in Judith’s building. “What did you get for Judith for her birthday?” She asked me. Feeling embarrassed that I didn't know and had nothing for her, I lied and said it was a surprise. Though I was on my way up to Judith’s apartment I acted as though I had forgotten my wallet at home, excused myself from Margaret’s presence, and walked to the market to buy her flowers. I was worried this might happen. I have asked Judith about herself, her upbringing, her parents, her siblings, birthday, but it seems she prefers not to talk about herself. While I try not to push, I would like to know more about her than her name and that she has a brother named Jacob who still lives at home in Ann Arbor, Michigan.’ BAM! We’ve got her now!” Holly fist pumped and high fived everyone at the table.


“Wow, that was almost too easy. We’ve been reading through these journals for what, 20 minutes or something?” Tim laughed.


“Well, here’s something else. It’s a picture. I’m guessing Arthur and Judith. Let’s see if there is anything written on the back.” Holly turned the picture over. “Ah, yes. ‘Arthur Fillmore, Judith Herring, Scoot. May 1957.’ Hmm, Scoot?” She turned the picture back over. “Oh, I’m guessing this cute little dog she is holding. They are cute. Look at how cute they are dressed.”


“Here you go Tim. I logged in.” Daniel handed Tim’s phone back to him.


“Cool, this shouldn’t be too hard now that we have her full name, birthday, and potentially place of birth. Let me just work some magic here… or, rather, let the internet and this website work some magic after I fill in the appropriate fields.” 


“Come on, Tim! Faster, faster! We’re all waiting! Judith is waiting!” Frank shouted.


“Easy there Frank, it’s invisible information traveling through the air, it probably has to travel to another country and then bring more invisible information back. Ah, it’s here. There are a few records for Judith Herring born May 11th, 1937 in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Wow, this really is too easy. Looks like she had a younger sister named Katherine who was zero years old when Judith was three in the 1950 census. She’s not listed in her family’s census in 1960, which I guess makes sense, she would’ve been in New York by then. Here she is again in the census records, in Brooklyn, New York this time. This is from 1990. Maybe she’s still in New York.”


“Okay, okay, I’ll look in the white pages.” Holly pulled out her phone to search the white pages. “Judith J Herring. Current: Brookdale Battery Park. Previous: Brooklyn, New York; Manhattan, New York; Bronx, New York; Ann Arbor, Michigan. Knowns: Katherine H Laurent, Bill Herring, Diana Herring. This has got to be our girl, right? It’s crazy that there is this much information just sitting online.” Holly read from her phone.


“Yeah, I’d say that has to be her. What is Brookdale Battery Park?” Tim asked.


“It looks like it is a retirement home, there’s a phone number for it. You want to solve the case, Timmy?” Holly held out her phone with the number of the retirement home already typed in.


“Do it! You’ve got to do it!” Frank cheered. 


Daniel and Samantha nodded excitedly in approval. 


“Yeah, let’s do this.” Tim took Holly’s phone and placed the call. The anticipation was palpable. It was if they were living in slow motion. Between each ring, Tim felt like he had waited ten minutes. All of the commotion and noise that had been roaring in the restaurant seemed to fade. 


“Good afternoon, Brookdale Battery Park, this is Pete, how can I help you?” A voice came through the receiver.


“Hi, this is Tim. I was trying to get a hold of Judith.”


“Judith… can I get a last name?”


“Uh, right. Judith Herring.”


“Sure, Judy Herring. I’ll connect you to her room. Just a minute.”


“This is it! They’re connecting me to her room!” Tim couldn’t believe how genuinely excited he was. He hadn’t been this excited for years.


The phone played classical music while Tim waited for someone to pick up.


“Hello?”


“Hi! Hi, is this Judith Herring?”


“Yes, who is this?”


“Hi, my name is Tim. You don’t know me. I have been trying to find you. I found something that I believe is yours, or was meant for you.”


“Excuse me?”


“Yeah, I know this is a weird phone call. But, I bought a coat at a second hand store and found a letter in the coat that was written to you by Arthur Fillmore.”


“Arthur…?”


“Yeah, do you know that name? Arthur Fillmore?”


“Well, of course, I just haven’t heard it in a long time.”


“Right, well, I’d love to bring it to you, the letter, that is. I live in Philadelphia, but I’m in Central Valley, New York right now with Arthur's cousin, Samantha. Maybe I could bring the letter to you tomorrow? Would that be okay?”


“I’ll be here. I’m just confused. I have a lot of questions.”


“That makes sense, I would have a lot of questions too. Maybe I can give you some answers when I come tomorrow? Would two in the afternoon be alright?”


“Yes, that would be fine. What is your name again, dear?”


“It’s Tim Lendel.”


“Okay, Timothy, I’ll let the front desk know you’re coming.”


“Okay, talk to you soon!” Tim hung up the phone.


“Well folks, Judith Herring is alive and kicking in New York City.”


“Wow, this is crazy. I honestly did not think we’d get to this point.” Frank shook his head.


“What? You just bet us that we would get to this point! You don’t make any sense.” Daniel swatted a hand towards Frank, which seemed to be a physical gesturing of his disregard for Frank’s absurdity.


“So, I guess we could leave for the city tomorrow in the morning just to make sure we get there on time?”


“Ugh, I really want to go, but you guys might have to go without me. Looks like I’m going to have to head back and meet some guys about the store. I’m getting ready to start working on it. I’ve got the licenses and plans. Some of the materials are being delivered tomorrow, so I want to be there for that.” Daniel spoke with excited, but regretful ambivalence. 


“What? That great news! I knew you were working on it, but I didn’t know you were that far along! That’s so exciting.” Tim congratulated Daniel.


“Yeah. Frank has been helping me out a lot with ideas, research, bank stuff, and navigating building permit stuff.”


“Why don’t I come with you. I’d like to continue helping out if I can. Plus, I’m not about to ride two hours in the back of Tim’s car.” Frank scoffed.


“Great!” Daniel said.


Tim turned to Samantha, “Well, we couldn’t’ve made this happen without you. You were our last shred of hope and you came through. Thanks so much for meeting us and keeping the journals safe.”


“Oh absolutely, this has been exciting. I kind of wish I could’ve been part of the chase from the beginning, it seems like it would’ve been fun. Oh, I was thinking. Maybe Judith would like to have this journal of Arthur’s, or at very least, the picture.”


“Yeah, that might be fun to give her as well, if you’re sure you don’t mind.”


“Of course. Like I said, the box was just sitting in my garage and that’s probably where it will go when I get back home, sadly to say.”


“Okay, great. Thanks.”


The group thanked Samantha and said goodbye. The rest of the evening was filled with light hearted conversation and fun as the meandered through the outlet malls. Christmas music played throughout the mall and lights, oversized stockings, christmas trees, and signs directing traffic into various stores for steep discounts lined their path. While Holly was busy buying them hot cider, Tim snuck into J Crew and, with his very limited knowledge of fashion, specifically women’s fashion, bought her a scarf. It was only the second time he had tried buying a girl clothing, the first time being when he bought a Iron Maiden t-shirt for Sarah. 


Later in the evening, Frank and Daniel announced that they were headed back to Philadelphia.


“Oh, Tim, before I go and forget, I wanted to mention… I know it’s probably not really what you are looking for, but when the new store opens I was thinking of stepping back, at least being in the actual store less often, and I will need someone to manage things. Open the store, handle the events, sell stuff, you know, and if you are interested, it’s yours.”


“Wow, I appreciate it Daniel. You’re a great friend. I’d love to fill in for a while, but just until I can find something that’s more up my alley. If and when that does happen, I already have someone in mind, I actually want to introduce you guys. I met him in DC, his name is Joe and he’s a great guy who deserves a great job like that.”


“Okay, sounds good. Well, good luck you two. Say ‘hi’ to Judith. Drive safe. See you soon!”


“Yeah, see you losers later,” Frank joked.


Frank and Daniel drove off. Tim and Holly drove to their hotel in Central Valley and stayed up watching Catfish until they fell asleep.


The next morning as they loaded their stuff up into Tim’s car, Tim had a pang of homesickness. He reached in his pocket for his phone and pulled it out. He hadn’t heard from anybody back home for weeks, which wasn’t completely surprising as Tim hadn’t reached out to any of them.


“Hey, would you mind driving for awhile, I just need to make some phone calls and I have a feeling they may take awhile.”


“Sure, yeah. As long as you don’t mind me pulling over to the side of the road at some point and strangling the life out of you. The murder plot is back on, bitch!”


“Haha, right. I forgot about that. Well, I suppose that will be alright.”


They finished packing up the car and drove off down the Palisades Interstate Parkway. Tim pulled his phone out of his pocket again and dialed.


“Hey, Brent. It’s Tim. Sorry it’s been so long since we’ve talked, I’ve been a lousy friend.”